?
title=Blood Types For Meat (Appendix P)

# Blood Types For Meat

#### (Appendix P)

There are three basic blood types when determining what meat
someone should eat regularly. These types are:

1. People who naturally have acidic blood easily produce red blood cells. They
do not naturally produce enough white blood cells. Generally, this type should
eat mostly white raw meat (fish, fowl, rabbit) to be balanced. If they eat red
meat more than occasionally they will have a tendency to be irritable,
impatient, overanxious and overaggressive.

2. People who naturally have alkaline blood easily produce white blood cells.
They do not naturally produce enough red blood cells. Generally, this type
should eat mostly red raw meat (beef, lamb, venison) to be balanced. If they eat
white meat more than occasionally they will have a tendency to be lethargic and
tired (anemic)

3. People who naturally have a balanced blood pH produce a balance of red and
white blood cells. Generally, this type should eat both red and white raw meat
to remain balanced. Few of this type can do fairly well as vegetarians.

Type 1 usually has a ruddier complexion, holds a tan easily, and/or has
a high adrenaline level (that is, they have a lot of physical energy).

Type 2 usually has a light complexion, his or her tan fades moderately to
quickly, and/or he or she is more emotionally and mentally oriented than
physically oriented.

Type 3 normally has a balanced complexion, tanning cycle, and a near-even
balance of physical, emotional and mental energies.

A person can change from one of these blood types to either of the other
types many times throughout his or her lifetime.
