?
title=Malaria

# Malaria

....and malaria. They're nonsense.

If you [really] work in a laboratory, what is malaria? Malaria is
a Falaria, a microscopic worm that eats degenerative tissue from a
blood cell, and.... Mosquitoes don't give us malaria, we give them
malaria. it's from a human cell, not from a cell of a mosquito. So you
have to take a look at that hard. Wait a minute. If they get the malaria
from us, then how are they giving it to us. Because their objective,
blood.... The female is the bloodsucker. The male does not suck blood,
is about one tenth of the female's size, but the female doesn't drink
the blood, either. She gets it to feed her larvae. Without the larvae,
without the blood, the larvae would not survive.

So when you have malaria, it is a broken down bloodstream. You're red
blood cells are deficient and damaged. The Falaria gets in there and
eats it. If there are, let's say you have low phagocytes, white blood
cells. The white blood cells are given the job of eating dead red blood
cells. If they're not enough of them, there's too much destruction and
they cannot consume everything, then we will get Malaria Falaria to
break down those red blood cells.

So the idea that we get malaria from a mosquito is absolutely
fiction.. They need to keep the blood very clean. Also, that falaria,
is so microscopically small that one phagocyte, one white blood cell,
could consume a massive amount of them, so you could never take over
the blood and do us damage. So you have to take those, those so-called
diseases as myth.

How many cases of malaria have you seen? What are the symptoms of
malaria? Malaria is just a severe cold, flu, but they will identify
it, they will find the stuff in red blood cells, and they'll find
this microscopic Falaria. And it takes a very powerful electronic
microscope to see it. So they want to say, oh, this particular epidemic
was caused by malaria, only all they have to do is look, they're always
going to find malaria in the human bloodstream. And they'll say, see,
he's got malaria. And then they'll say, oh yah, just treat it with these
antibiotics, and what does the antibiotics do?

76% of the time, if you go into a hospital to treat malaria, you will
die. When I was looking for land to build a farm in the Philippines
three years ago, I met with the chief of a tribe because I was looking
for remote areas where there were no roads or anything. And I had spent
like six weeks setting up this meeting with the chief of this tribe that
they had to translate it into three languages to get back to me. So,
I spent all this time setting it up, no roads to get back there, jeeps
and everything, we had hummers to get back to where we wanted to go. And
I get there and the assistant to the chief says, I can't give you much
time today, we can't go through the jungle because I have two daughters
that have malaria, I've got take them to the hospital. And that was all
that was translated to me.

I spoke back, I said, your daughters have a 76% chance of dying in the
hospital, only 24% of dying if they don't go to the hospital. And that
was translated back to him, and he said, oh, you're probably right. Five
years ago I had two daughters, they had malaria, so-called malaria,
[I] took them to the hospital, they were dead in 24 hours. And he said,
what do you suggest since you're a doctor?

Well I said, I suggest you take 3 oz. of [fresh, raw] lime juice, 3
oz. of [unheated] honey, and 6 oz. of [raw, young green] coconut water,
mix it together, and you give them a tablespoon every hour for three days
in their waking hours. And then after that, every two to three hours,
a tablespoon.

They were very hesitant about letting me into the tribal area. I'm a white
guy, of course. So, they were very reluctant, but the two children were
better in three days. Completely over it, so of course, they sold me the
land. So now I'm part of the tribe. So, don't get hooked into that stuff.

===

Primal Diet Workshop Lecture, Fort Lauderdale, FL, June 18th, 2011.
