?
title=Iron On The Primal Diet, Is It A Problem?

# Iron On The Primal Diet, Is It A Problem?

> I began eating raw meat a year ago, and I would say about 85% has been red
meat, the rest fish and fowl. In Asheville there are some very nice local farms
that sell grass fed beef, so I've been living almost exclusively on that. After
listening to a presentation by Dr. Mercola, I was concerned about the iron
levels.

Dr. Mercola speaks from a theoretical view rather than empirical. That
theory has little basis in reality. Several healthy tribes eat almost
exclusively raw red meat and do not have iron problems. An iron problem
can develop when eating a lot of cooked red meat because much of the
iron is rendered "free-radical" because of the cooking process. Often,
the free radical iron can bind with bioactive iron and cause a bioactive
iron deficiency and toxic free radical iron level. Also consider that
much of the absorbed free-radical iron that is not properly isolated in
fat rusts in the body. That further causes toxic excessive iron problems.

Also, if our bodies try to discard contaminated free-radical iron
deposits, a high toxic iron level will show up in blood and possibly
urine and feces. Raw meat-eating may help our bodies detoxify toxic iron
deposits but does not cause toxic iron levels.

High consumption of red meat, however, could be a problem for hyperactive
individuals who do not exercise enough because red meat often stimulates
adrenaline production which can cause irritability and hyperactivity. In
such a case, fish and fowl are preferable.
