?
title=Our Ubiquitous Microbial Friends

# Our Ubiquitous Microbial Friends

> The Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus (MRSA) is in the news a lot.
Could you tell the newsletter subscribers what you know about this, such as what
it helps detox, etc? And if it is beneficial, where I can get some? :-).

Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus is a type of staphylococcus
bacterium that does not succumb to ampicillin and other penicillins.
Staphylococci are a natural part of healthy people. Usually, they are
aerobic, meaning they live on the surface exposed to air. They can be
located on the skin and in nasal passages. Like some varieties of
salmonella, they eat dead skin and ultra microscopic skin mites.

If an individual suffers an injury involving skin, staphylococci may
colonize to consume the massive amount of damaged and killed cells and
waste. Then our bodies only have to neutralize and discard staphylococci
waste, which is a fraction of the damaged and dead cell-mass that we would
have had to dissolve and discard. Another result of no staphylococci is
that after injury, our bodies would have to mummify many injured dead cells
instead of dissolving and discarding those dead cells; the result would be
scar tissue. If staphlylococci did not assist in that process, we would
likely develop a massive scar. Because so many people eat toxic processed
and cooked food and imbalanced diets, when their skin suffers injury, they
are unlikely to detoxify and heal the wound(s) properly. That could cause
staphylococci to feast for months or years at the site of the wound or
anywhere else on the skin where dead cells are discarded. In warm and humid
climates, staphylococci are much healthier. Unless an injured person eats
correctly, staphylococci may linger for years doing their job.

Regarding the issue of where you can obtain staphylococcus: They are a
natural part of skins and mucous cells. They can breed easily from your
dead skin. If you bathe with typical poisonous soaps and fluoridated water,
you will not have many colonies of helpful staphylococci. The idea that
people get sick from staphylococcal bacteria is nonsense. The problem is
the injury, how toxic the wound is from foreign compounds, especially
industrial chemicals, and whether we have the nutrients to properly cleanse
the area of tissue damage and the waste of staphylococcus.
