?
title=Bad And Good Parasites, And Malaria?

# Bad And Good Parasites, And Malaria?

> If I understand you correctly, you say that there are no bad parasites,
bacteria or fungus. Yet, you ate a deadly mushroom and there is falaria that
cause Malaria. Can you reconcile those for me?

More specifically, my expe- rience and experiments proved to me that there
are no dangerous microbes or fungi that naturally live in our bodies.
However, there may be some very toxic man- made and/or genetically modified
microbes that enter and live in our bodies through medical and environ-
mental pollution. In healthy bodies, those man-made microbes are not likely
to survive.

Our natural friends, such as whipworms (trichinosis and trichuriasis are
misnomers), giardia, campylobacter, salmonella, listeria species, E.coli,
gangrene, candida and many other microbes and fungi, are all indigenous to
humans. Most of those are janitors. Whipworm, campylobacter and E.coli are
digestive organisms. In fact, E.coli are responsible for the final stages
of digestion of protein and fats to finite forms that feed our brains and
nervous systems. Plus, E.coli release 90% of B Vitamins from our food for
us to enjoy better mental functions and more energy. Like all digestive
bacteria, they eat our food and their wastes are our nutrients. It is the
way of nature no matter how disgusting health-representatives and me- dia
describe it.

Malaria is a detoxification through every part of our body because it is a
cleansing of the blood stream. Malarial falaria (plasmodium parasites) are
most often generated in humid climates rich in oxygen. They are natural to
ill health of severely contaminated red blood cells. Those parasites are
janitors within blood cells and blood stream. Too frequently, people on
high-carbohydrate diets develop malaria. Their diets do not help their
bodies cleanse waste, so their bodies enlist exceptional microbes to help
remove toxins/waste. Those microbes do not put the wastes/toxins that are
red blood cells' problems into sufferers' bodies; natural microbes simply
remove organic waste. Why would you blame those microbes for the resultant
toxic symptoms?

Byproducts from people's stored cellular wastes cause malaria. Would people
suffer more if people detoxified those wastes without plasmodium parasites?
Could it be that if the plasmodium parasites did not help them remove those
wastes/toxins that people would get more serious diseases such as anemia or
leukemia? Plasmodium parasites may enter liver, kidneys and/or brain
because toxic red bloods cells are in those tissues. If they enter the
brain, delirium or coma may result. If cared for properly without medical
procedures, people will recover completely.

There are several malarial parasites to help us clean red blood cells when
we haven't cleansed in another way. Plasmodium falciparum detoxification
usually takes 7 to 14 days to run their course. Plasmodium vivax and ovale
usually take 8 to 14 days (in a few cases it took several months).
Plasmodium malariae usually takes 7 to 30 days. Those figures are somewhat
arbitrary and detoxification varies with each person. Symptoms of malaria
infection usually are not dramatic, and can easily be dismissed as unim-
portant. They are unimportant if people who develop one of those
detoxifications eat properly. Those who do not eat a proper diet of
healthful raw nutrients that includes lots of raw fat and some raw protein
may suffer dramatic symptoms including tremors, delirium and coma.

Usually, malaria symptoms are flu-like and include: rigors, headaches,
sweat, tiredness, myalgia of limbs and back, abdominal pain, diarrhea, loss
of appetite, orthostatic hypotension, nausea, slight jaundice, cough,
enlarged liver and spleen (sometimes not palpable), and vomit. Fever in the
first week of travel in a humid area rich in oxygen is unlikely to be a
malaria detoxification. Fever is always the body reducing detoxification
and initializing a healing cycle. A healing cycle usually requires much
rest and relaxation. That is the reason why so many people are lethargic
during and following fevers for 1-20 weeks.

If experiencing detoxification symptoms, eating no- salt added raw cheese
and/or clay will help draw poisons from blood into stomach and intestines
rather than into liver, kidneys and brain. Eating plenty of raw fats - such
as coconut (especially coconut cream), eggs, dairy cream, butter, butter
and honey mixture, and avocados - will help neutralize the heavy wastes
that occur during heavy detoxifications. Drinking 2 ounces of beet juice
can help neutralize toxins by stimulating increased hydrochloric acid
production. Eating some or plenty of raw eggs will help maintain protein
levels without overloading the body with intense digestive processes,
allowing the body more time, focus and energy to cleanse and heal. Eggs are
the easiest food to eat; they digest in about 27 minutes.
