?
title=Athletes And Longevity On Primal Diet

# Athletes And Longevity On Primal Diet

> Are [there] any athletes who eat this diet or any cultures of long lived
people. Any ideas where I might try to find out?

There are many athletes on my Primal Diet. Some follow it exclusively and
others up to 60%. There are 2 high-school tennis champions who
predominantly follow Primal Diet. I am not at liberty to identify the
professional athletes or movie stars on my diet because they or their
agents, coaches and managers have asked me to keep it confidential because
of probable media and public ridicule.

Senior martial artist Pem Wall recorded and charted his heart rate within
minutes of concluding an hour of intense jump rope prior to and after
eating Primal Diet. His heart-beat rates within minutes after exercise
before PD averaged 176 and while eating PD averaged 108. That is remarkable
savings to his heart and metabolism. Gaining and maintaining muscle tone is
very easy on PD.

The last time I saw an article that mentioned longevity of primitives was
in 1971 issue of National Geographic. They interviewed people who lived to
between 128-150 years old. They asked questions of couples who had lived
together for up to 118(?) years, showing that both men and women lived
healthful long lives with wonderful relationships. I believe that our
present authorities do not want us to know what is possible for health and
longevity because it contradicts everything we are told and lead to believe
about health and longevity.

There are many tribes on the 7,107 islands of the Philippines. The
government threatens to jail people who visit primitive tribes. Government
employees claim that many tribes are dangerous and/or cannibals. It
appeared to me as I searched for tribes that that government used the same
tactics to possess and usurp indigenous resources as those used by the USA
government, claiming Native American Indians were savages who deserved to
be exterminated.

After 5 weeks of trying to get government permission and trying to find
primitive tribes, in November 2008, I found a tribe in Philippines. Without
government permission but with the help of a former tribal member, I
visited members of a tribe. That was possible because I had helped a
leukemic Philippine baby within 3 days recover on raw milk.

I was privileged to meet and interview 4 members of the tribe for one day.
My translator had learned English after leaving the tribe only 7 years
prior to our meeting. The man with whom I interviewed most said he was
about 80 years old but looked a stunning 40-something. The 3 women said
they were about late 40's but looked late 20s to early 30s. They had
impressive stalky constitutions and strong white teeth that looked
flawless. For some bizarre reason, I expected to receive information about
their diet that fit Weston Prices description. However, he told me that
they ate only RAW food and only three foods: fish, coconuts and
occasionally either banana or mango. Raw fish and coconut was their primary
diet.

I was shocked. I had imagined that any tribe who lived on raw fish and
coconut would be slender. However, these people were thicker and taller
than most Asians. I think that that was the most exhilarating validation of
longterm rewards of my Primal Diet, even though their fat-enriched food was
coconut rather than animal fats. Since we are so toxic, coconut pulp is
most often indigestible and the juices and fats detoxifying rather than
building. From 1980-1982, I observed 16 people whose diet were mainly raw
meats and coconut. They suffered frequently and were relatively
malnourished. In our toxic world, I found that we get well better with less
pain when we eat raw animal fats.
