?
title=How Toxic is Our Civilized World?

# How Toxic is Our Civilized World?

> In light of Bisphenol A research do you recommend avoiding all plastic water
containers?

Since pollution results from almost everything we do in modern society, we
probably should ask: How toxic are we in our extremely toxic environments?
Rather than selectively address compounds in plastics first, I will
introduce discon- certing data that most people do not want to face or
admit about overall disease-producing pollution at its beginning. I
discussed in my books that even the basic act of cooking produces many
chemical changes that cause environmental and body toxicity. Those chemical
changes occur both in food and our environment.

It starts when we light a fire. Fire produces monoxides. Monoxides are
poisonous to our cells. If utilizing flintstones to start fire, often flint
dust is inhaled. Flintstones contain metallic minerals that are not
bio-actively or ionically bound, nor evenly distributed with bio-nutrients.
When inhaled, flint dust causes destructive free-radical activity that is
predominantly destructive on cellular levels. Even if we use the ancient
wood-to-wood friction method to make fire, smoke disburses tars and
monoxides into air we breathe. Monoxides arrest oxygen absorption and
smother cells. Vegetable tars from burned wood harden and eventually
crystallize in humans.

Now, consider a modern-day fire such as barbeque. We use poisonous lighter
fluid, fabricated and chemically treated charcoal and sulfur matches or
lighter. Charcoal contains mercury that vaporizes and we inhale it. Mercury
is the worst neurotoxin on this planet. It dissolves cells, especially
brain and nerve cells. The chemical structure of lighter fluids are:
aliphatic petroleum (solvent used to ignite charcoal), denatured alcohol
(methylated fermentation); butane (highly flammable, colorless, easily
liquefied gas used in cigarette lighters and gas-flame grills); and naphtha
(volatile flammable liquid hydrocarbon mixture used in wick type lighters
and lamps). All of those are usually deadly to the entire body if
swallowed, and deadly to many cells when inhaled. All of them add pollution
to our environment. With those alone, we added a minimum of 26 man-made
chemicals to our world that we are not properly equipped to live with
optimally, healthfully.

Rachel Carson pushed Americans to question chemical "miracles" when she
published Silent Spring in 1962, and legislation was passed to address
concerns she and others raised about environmental toxins. By early 1970s,
more alarms rang. DDT, the pesticide that was advertised to have saved
American soldiers who fought in the South Pacific from malaria and been
sprayed on millions of acres of cropland, was fingered as a killer of
birds, especially the beloved bald eagle. Eggshells thinned by exposure to
DDT resulted in fewer hatchlings that survived. DES, a drug believed to
prevent miscarriage, was found to cause cancer in young women whose mothers
took it during pregnancy; emergency hysterectomies saved many of the
daughters' lives, but at a terrible cost. It was also responsible for many
deformities including very small hands and genetically twisted uteruses.

PCBs, highly effective lubricants and insulators used in electrical
capacitors, transistors, hydraulic fluids, plasticizers, inks, waxes and
adhesives, were deforming and killing birds and fish. By 1971, Monsanto
voluntarily stopped making PCBs. Each of these problems was seen as an
isolated case; simply a few rogue chemicals had wreaked havoc, but havoc
could be contained. We were lead to believe that we could stop chemical
damage by scientific inquiring and goodwill.

The average person still thinks about chemicals as single entities because
that is what we are taught, and that our system of federal regulation that
decides on a case-by-case basis whether chemicals are safe enough to
circulate in our world provides safety. What most people do not know is
that only about 2,000 of the approximately 80,000 man-made new chemicals of
the last century have been tested. Only a handful of those have been
properly tested for health consequences.

By having introduced so many substances that did not evolve along with
living organisms over hundreds of millions of years, have we unwisely
initiated changes in our biology that may be damaging them profoundly for
convenience? How well do we enjoy those conveniences in states of weakened
senses and ill health? How many people are satisfied, even with all of our
endless gadgets and conveniences? Could it be that our lack of optimal
health is the reason most of us are unsatisfied and want more and more? Are
we unable to be satisfied because we are trying to achieve satisfaction
from something other than health?

As a boy of 3-7 during the early and mid-1950s, I remember traveling
through parts of Alabama, Tennessee and Florida when racism and segregation
were strong and bitterness flourished among whites. It was so pervasive
that African-Americans rarely ever contested whites. However, what I
remember most is the joy of life that blacks enjoyed even under such
suppression. I saw playfulness with considerat- ion and abandon, and it all
seemed so natural.

Blacks young and old played outside their shakes in ragged clothing and
crude handmade toys, if any, with such joy I could touch it but not
understand it. We drove past them in our 1951 Packard sedan. We had luxury
that the blacks I watched could never embrace for themselves. My family
utilized all that modern medicine that the times had to offer, especially
since my mother was a Certified Nurse. My father, who was an engineer and
inventor, idolized technology. If he heard anyone say anything bad about
technology, he entered rage. He yelled at anyone who suggested that harm
resulted from it.

We ingested all of the modern canned processed foods and packaged processed
cereals full of chemical additives that claimed superior nutrition and
safer than from a garden. We did not know the fraud.

Rarely did my brothers and parents enjoy each other. My family quarreled
and fought daily if not hourly. Those blacks I watched and adored could not
afford many of the modern foods and conveniences. Overall, most of them ate
from their gardens and looked so much healthier than most whites. Looking
back on those events with what I know now about cooked and processed foods
with myriads of additives, I understand why we were an unsatisfied and
unhappy modern family, and why those "poor" blacks were rich with health in
their poverty. They could not afford many chemically poisoned processed
foods and were not contaminated as my family was.

The following study demonstrates that living a pure organic cooked
processed lifestyle offers no protection: Toxic Nation: A Report on
Pollution in Canadians This is a report of studies conducted by
Environmental Defence (in Canada) which arrives at indications of excessive
industrial toxicity levels in people. The results challenge much of the
average health-conscious individuals. For instance, many vegetarians came
to discover after years of eating vegetarian that vegetarianism caused much
health deterioration. Average health-conscious individuals discover
everyday that their faith in our "healthy" food products leaves us toxic.

In the Canadian study, children as young as 10 were found to have flame
retardants, heavy metals, insecticide metabolites , organophosphates,
polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and stain repellents even when raised by
health conscious parents. One 34-year-old mother who conscientiously
selected mostly organic, biological food stuff discovered from the study
that she had 36 toxic chemicals; the highest among the volunteers. Her
10-years-young son had 25 toxic chemicals in his body. A 24-years-young
mother and her 10-years-young daughter had similar results, 31 and 24
respectively.

Three generations of one family of native-north-Americans from the
Aamjiwnaang First Nation in Sarnia, Ontario were tested. The elder had 32
chemicals in his body. His son had 36, and his 14-years-young granddaughter
had 20 chemicals. The elder Wilson Plain Sr. commented, "What's most
shocking is my granddaughter has chemicals in her body that were banned
before she was even born. Canadians have the right not to be polluted by
these chemicals." I think that everyone in the world has a right not to be
polluted except those who manufacture, distribute, sell and utilize them.

Rick Smith, executive director of Environmental Defence stated, "Pollution
is now so bad in our country that the bodies of our children have higher
levels of pollution than their parents. Our children are being poisoned
every day by toxic products in their home, in their schools, and when they
are at play."

Because of our adherence to low-fat diets - fostered, promoted, advertised
and brainwashed by media rhetoric from food, agricultural and medical
industries - our children have had little healthy fat to bind with toxins.
Therefore children are at much greater risk from toxin-generated diseases.

A lifetime exposure to even low-level toxins ultimately degrades health
when bodies lack fat. Some of the chemicals found in test-subjects' bodies
have been shown to harm development of children, cause reproductive
disorders and cause cancer, and/or cause neurological problems.

The "biomonitoring" method used in the Canadian study which sampled human
tissues and fluids gives us only a small sense of the various chemicals our
bodies have absorbed and are absorbing through air, food, industrial
products, soil and water. The study specifically tested for only 88 known
chemical toxins of 80,000. Tests detected 60 of those 88 chemicals in 11
volunteers, including 18 heavy metals, 5 PBDEs, 14 PCBs, 1 perfluorinated
chemical, 10 organo- chlorine pesticides, 5 organophosphate insecticide
metabolites, and 7 VOCs. Forty-four various chemicals were detected in each
volunteer, including 41 carcinogens, 27 hormone disruptors, 21 respiratory
toxins and 53 reproductive/developmental toxins.

This study was the first Canadian measurement of PFOS levels (the key
ingredient in Scotchgard, the 3M-made fabric protector that is in nearly
every home) in people's bodies. It is also an ingredient in "sizing"
(chemicals used to protect and reduce stretching in materials while being
cut and sewn). That means that we are absorbing PFOS from our clothes,
bedding and home furnishings. Sizing remains in the fabric until many
washes removes it. However, some of it remains in the fabric and every time
we inhale or ingest a fiber of lint, our mouth, lungs, esophagus and
stomach dissolve it and release it into our bodies. Even organic fibers may
contain sizing. Some producers tout the label organic which only means that
the fiber was grown or raised organically but does not mean that the fabric
was not subjected to chemicals during processing.

A First Nations leader from northern Quebec found that he had the highest
levels of mercury and persistent organic pollutants (POPs), such as PCBs
and organochlorine pesticides. That reaffirmed other studies indicating
that many chemicals migrate through air and water currents and other
climatic conditions.

PCBs were detected in all volunteers including those born in the early
1980s even though PCBs were banned in USA in 1970s. However, results
revealed higher levels of PCBs in older volunteers in comparison with
younger volunteers; for example, between 12 and 14 PCBs were detected in
samples from volunteers aged 60 and older, while an average of 5 PCBs were
detected in subjects aged 25 and under. Those results are similar to
equivalent studies done in the U.S. and Europe.

It was reported on April 9, 2006, at a conference examining air quality
from sources such as coal, motor vehicles, and residential oil-emitted
metals such as copper, zinc and vanadium that these were present in the air
at unhealthy levels ( Health Effects Institute ). Those metals accumulated
in lungs, heart, liver tissues and in blood. There they damage cells and
very often prevent proper functions that are detectably or obscurely
disease, including allergies, respiratory, and cardiovascular problems. At
the conference, they failed to properly acknowledge that mercury, the worst
neurotoxin on Earth that is mainly in our environment because of
coal-burning, should have been outlawed 60 years ago.

Mercury is in fish, beans, grains, lakes and oceans. It's in mouths within
amalgam fillings. Mercury is pervasive in our environment, released mainly
into the atmosphere through extensive coal-burning for energy.

I blame airborne pollution including vehicle emissions totally on industry.
I did that because the auto and power industries have fought our right to
clean air with billions of dollars over the last 40 years. Otherwise, we
would have clean air because we would have technologies that are not
dependent on oil and fossil fuels, or we would have technologies that
cleaned the byproducts so they were not dis- persed into our environment.
Industry fights clean air sources so that those invested in coal and oil
continue to accumulate greater profits without having to spend much of it
on pollution-prevention.

In our homes, there are many sources of toxins that enter our bodies,
including metal toxicity from cookware. Even stainless steel which is
partially made of nickel and chromium gradually leeches from cookware every
time food is cooked in it. Consider that while cooking, food changes to
highly fraction- ated chemicals that often form into solvents. Those
solvents gradually erode surface metal of cookware. Compare and consider
that simple water gradually erodes rock made of metallic minerals. Now,
consider what highly reactive cooked compounds from food will do to metal
cookware.

Is modern stainless steel less toxic than metals made from a century ago?
Yes but that does not mean that we are not being poisoned by cooking in
them. It simply means that we are being less poisoned. Aluminum and other
metallic cookware including and especially non-stick coatings (i.e. Teflon)
are quicker to erode into food while cooking. Non-stick cookware is more
toxic than any cookware produced prior to 1950s.

Flame-retardants containing polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) are
added to plastics including foam products and mattresses to make them less
burnable. (Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry's fact sheet .)
PBDEs are in many home and office products to protect against extreme
fires. PBDEs can easily leave the products that contain them and enter the
environment. Children teethe and chew on such products. Children wear
clothing that industry tells us protect our children in case of fire.
However, while every moment our children perspire into and inhale fibers
from those clothing and bedding, they absorb PBDEs.

The scientists didn't test vegetables and fruits, but found PBDEs in a soy
infant formula and breast milk. All soy products are toxic to humans in raw
or cooked form and should not be eaten and here is another reason not to
consume soy.

Organic Consumers Association states that scientists claim they aren't sure
how PBDEs get into foods such as butter, cheeses, chicken, eggs, duck, fish
and ice cream but they theorize that particles escape from carpets,
furniture, computers and televisions into the air (out-gassing). Those
microparticles fall to ground and water, and are inhaled by animals
including humans. Animals also consume crops grown in soil polluted with
PBDEs.

PBDEs concentrate in fat as animal's bodies try to bind it and prevent
cellular damage. Animal studies have shown that PBDEs alter hormonal
function, change the development of reproductive organs, harm the nervous
system, affect behavior including attention deficit disorders, and cause
liver tumors.

It was and is relatively ignored that when burned in fires, PBDEs and other
chemicals in products caused such airborne pollution that people hundreds
of miles from fires are rendered functionally helpless from breathing
drifting smoke. Permanently or temporarily, some chemically sensitive
people could not or cannot think rationally or coherently. Some are in a
state of constant panic and fear, unable to perform normal everyday chores.
Some cannot sleep so they pace incessantly. Some smoke-inhalation
sufferers' appetites are thrown into frenzy.

Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are a mixture of up to 209 individual
chlorinated compounds. Most of them are extremely toxic. There are no known
natural sources of PCBs. Although PCBs are no longer produced in the USA
since 1970s, and have not been utilized since 1990s, they are still found
in products produced elsewhere in the world, are imported into USA, and are
in our environment.

The Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry's PCBs fact-sheet
states numerous ways we are exposed to chemical cocktails: a) small amounts
of toxic chemicals outgas into our air when products get hot during
operation and could be a source of skin exposure and inhalation, b)eating
contaminated foods and drinking contaminated water, during repair and
maintenance of PCB transformers, c) accidents, fires or spills involving
transformers, fluorescent lights, and other electrical devices; and d)
disposal of PCB- laced and other chemically laced products and materials.

PCBs caused cancer in laboratory animals. Human diseases associated with
PCBs-exposure include immunological and neurobehavioral changes in children
and acne-like skin conditions in adults. PCBs were found in over 500 of our
most toxic 1,598 sites on the Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA)
National Priorities List.

Fluorochemicals (PFOAs) such as perfluorooc- tanoic acid (PFOA) are used in
non-stick coatings on cookware, as a stain repellent on clothing, carpets,
and upholstery, as undercoat on beach umbrellas to provide increased
sun-protection and as liner in canned and other food containers, especially
fast- food packaging. Some references to PFOAs and PFOSs are Chemicals in
frying pan a potential hazard to environment and Fluoropolymers may have
harmful long-term effects . PFOAs are suspected carcinogens only because
the industry fights the debate like the tobacco industry argues that
smoking does not cause and promote cancers.

Another fluorochemical is perfluorooctanyl sulfonate (PFOSs). The 3M
Company was the largest worldwide producer of PFOS chemicals but stopped
manufacturing PFOSs in December 2000 because PFOSs do not biodegrade. They
persist in our environment and effect long-term damage to health and
environment. Although 3M Company does not manufacture PFOSs, PFOSs continue
to be sold from the manufacturer's stockpile of it. Any manufacturer who
desires to utilize it in their products worldwide may do so. PFOS were
found in wildlife species across the US, such as fish-eating birds, and in
the Baltic region and in Sweden, and in human blood samples.

PFOSs accumulate to a high degree in humans and animals. It has been
estimated that PFOSs remain in the human body for up to 8 years. However,
according to Dr. Frances Pottenger and Edward Howell, toxins are often
transferred to new cells for up to 5 generations. That means that they
could remain in humans for as little as 40 years in people who eat a diet
rich in raw fats and proteins, or a lifetime in those who eat poor diets.

In a 2-generation "reproductive effects" rat study, PFOS caused postnatal
deaths and developmental effects in offspring. At higher doses in this
study, all progeny in the first generation died. At extremely low doses,
many progeny from the second generation died. It is very rare that the
public is privy to reports of such dire effects. Most often, those results
are confidential to the industries that make and utilize chemical hazards.
Understand that I am addressing only few chemicals of the 80,000 that are
or have been produced globally.

Organochlorine pesticides, introduced in the1940s, persist in the
environment long after they are applied, in soil, environment and animals,
including people who eat food grown on or near application. They accumulate
and levels build in the body daily, yearly. People may be exposed to
organochlorine pesticides by eating cooked fatty foods, such as pasteurized
milk and dairy products, or fish that are contaminated with those
pesticides (Center for Disease Control (CDC) fact sheet ).

Organochlorine pesticides may be absorbed by eating foods imported from
countries that allow persistent pesticides usage. They are passed through
placentas to unborn children and are passed by breastfeeding to infants.
They are absorbed through skin and inhalation.

One organochlorine pesticide, lindane, is used to treat lice and scabies
and is readily absorbed through skin. They produce reproductive and
neurological effects in animals. People who work with organo- chlorine
pesticides for years develop liver damage. Hold on to your panic button:
organochlorines are used to "purify" our environments, food and waters of
microbes, and to "clean" clothing and other materials.

Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) include toluene, benzene, formaldehyde,
ethyl benzene, styrene, acetone and a host of other chemicals, some of
which have already made the EPA's list of Extremely Hazardous Substances.
Many can be found in medication such as formaldehyde which is used in
vaccines, perfumes and cosmetics.

Other examples of pervasive VOCs contamination and health hazards are
mentioned in the report Toxic Carpet: Dangerous Toxins that Live in Your
Carpeting . Known carcinogen p-Dichlorobenzene is in new carpets, as are
other chemicals that produce fetal abnormalities in test animals. In
humans, those chemicals also cause hallucinations, nerve damage and
respiratory illness. Some of new-carpet odor is outgassing of the chemical
4-PC that is associated with eye, nose and upper respiratory problems. Many
new carpet owners suffer from these for as much or as little as 5 years,
depending on the individual. 4-PC is used in latex backing of 95% of US
carpets.

Government and chemical industries seem to let us think that they are
conscientious and caring in regards to our health. Occasionally, they
selectively disseminate to the media that one specific chemical has caused
problems and that they have agreed to discontinue USA production. The other
79,900 chemicals and their hazards are ignored.

In 2000, 3M Company removed perflouro-octanyl salphonate from Scotchgard
because it caused reproductive problems in rats. It had also been found in
high levels in urban wildlife. Rarely does a company who has polluted, or
does pollute, suffer criminal or civil retribution. 3M Company did not
suffer for harm it did to humans and environment for perfloouro-octanyl. In
fact, none of the chemical companies were charged and convicted of criminal
behavior. They never admit to gross harm from the worst chemicals, such as
vaccines and dental amalgams.

It should also be a crime that companies can be allowed to produce
chemicals that are not tested and proved safe prior to usage. It may be
very likely that all industrially produced chemicals cause harm to
environment and life just as there are side effects to all medications.

Chlorine has been used for more than 100 years to disinfectant water under
the false belief that microbes in water caused disease such as malaria.
About 50 years ago, it was discovered that that noble attempt to offset
infectious disease in public water supplies caused disease. Since water is
basically a solvent that disperses and gradually fractionates most objects
within it, when chlorine interacts in water, toxic byproducts result that
cause increased risk of certain cancers, and birth and developmental
defects. All of those hazardous results are ignored and combinations of
chlorine and ammonia and chlorine-dioxide (chloramines) and ozone are used
to "disinfect" water and other items of our daily advanced modern society.

I have illustrated many times that microbes do not cause disease but the
chemicals we use to destroy microbes and make our lives sterile are
disease- causing. Toxic byproducts from chemicals used to disinfect public
drinking water were named Disinfection Byproducts (DBPs).

It has been postulated that it is materials in water that react with
chlorine and chloramines that cause toxicity resulting in disease. However,
some of that debate is merely "legalese" to prevent successful lawsuits,
arguing that the companies cannot know the content of all water because
they are all different. Most of the same diseases resulted when those
substances were administered alone into laboratory animals. However,
approximately 600 DBPs have been identified since 1974 because of the
combining of chlorine with substances that naturally occur in waters.

Scientists believe they've identified about half the DBPs that occur in
chlorine-treated water. They estimate they identified 17% of those
occurring in chloramine-treated water, 28% in chlorine-dioxide- treated
water, 8% of those produced in ozone-treated water, and of the 600
structurally identified DBPs, the toxicity factor is known for
approximately 30%.

Genetic toxicologist Michael Plewa, who headed a research team that
examined DBPs in the public water, stated "This research says that when you
go to alternatives, you may be opening a Pandora's box of new DBPs, and
these unregulated DBPs may be much more toxic, by orders of magnitude, than
the regulated ones we are trying to avoid." Plewa's research team that
included 3 EPA employees discovered idoacetic acid (a DBP) in US drinking
water treated with chloramine that when tested on samples of mammalian
cells proved to be the most genotoxic DBP ever reported. "These iodoacetic
acids raise new levels of concerns. Not only do they represent a potential
danger because of all the water consumed on a daily basis, [that
contaminated] water is recycled back into the environment. What are the
consequences?" Plewa and his colleagues found that in hamster cells, just
one iodoacid they tested was anywhere from 2-300 times more toxic than
other chlorine byproducts.

Using chloramines as "safe" alternatives to chlorine for water purification
has substantially increased lead levels in some people. The chemical
compounds used in purification, fluoridation and basic plumbing materials
interact causing more hazards to our health. Tetravalent lead scales have
been found inside lead water pipes from several utilities. In a free
chlorine solution, tetravalent lead is stable, but in the presence of
chloramine it dissolves into the water. ( Experiment confirms chloramine's
effect on lead in drinking water .) American Free Press highlighted
"unhealthy consequences" of chloraminated-water in Washington, DC; Corpus
Christi, Texas and San Francisco, CA.

Dioxins are created when chlorine and organic matter react in the presence
of heat. Dioxins linger in the environment long after initial exposure.
Most plastics are treated with such chemical processes to prevent plastic
from fungal molds. Fungi were the principal reason plastics were much
delayed in manufacturing. Poisoning the environment was and is less of a
concern than making plastics utilizable for practically everything in our
technically advanced lifestyles.

Dioxins are known carcinogens. In fact, one dioxin in particular, TCDD, is
the most potent animal carcinogen ever studied and has been linked to
cancer in humans. We traded plastic conveniences and economy for deformed
children, miscarriages, still births and a myriad of diseases, just as we
have traded "purified" water with the same results. Are we happy or even
content with those trades?

The military industrial complex is a grand user of dioxins such as in Agent
Orange. Dioxins so contaminate cellular structures that cells can no longer
perform normal metabolic detoxification. Resultantly, HIV-1 virus is
activated in genes to perform detoxification; it does so very poorly.
Dioxins, like most industrial chemicals, are virtually inescapable as they
permeate our air, food, land and water.

Identifying merely 60 toxic chemicals in the Canadian study fails to
address the possible consequences of new chemicals and hazards resulting
from environmental and bodily mixtures of those 60 chemicals. Yes, an even
greater catastrophe is the fact that there are dire reactions from mixing
and combining 80,000 industrially produced toxins within our environment
that enter our bodies.

Finally, to directly answer my subscriber's question about drinking water
from plastic, I would not drink water from plastic. Also, I remind readers
that I am against drinking much water. I rarely drink water because waters
do not contain any bio-active nutrients to properly utilize H2O within
cells. When I do drink water, it is from water bottled in glass.

We may easily conclude that even if we try to live pure organic lifestyles,
toxins are mostly unavoidable and inescapable because the bottom-line is
business and profits not health or environment. Although we are frequently
exposed every second to one or more industrially produced environmental
toxins and have many accumulated within our bodies, eating my Primal Diet
will help remove them and bestow to us greater chances of preventing or
reversing severe diseases in a world where 1 of 2 men and 1 of 3 women gets
cancers (Samuel Epstein, M.D.). We need the best naturally grown raw,
unheated-above- 96-degrees F. and non-frozen animal and other fats to
protect our cells from those industrial toxins. Raw unpasteurized
aged-in-wood apple cider vinegar chelates with many industrial toxins and
heavy metals.

Consuming small amounts of that vinegar, about 1 tablespoon daily with or
in one vegetable juices mixture, or divided into several vegetable juices,
while eating a diet with plenty of raw fats mentioned above, helps remove
industrial toxins including heavy metals gradually. However, the process of
the body utilizing vinegar to chelate with those toxins causes massive
mineral losses. Minerals are utilized to further chelate and neutralize
those toxins. Each molecule of toxicity may require up to 200 molecules of
calcium, magnesium, phosphorus and potassium to harness and neutralize it.

As much as possible, we need to prevent toxins from entering our bodies.
Avoid drinking water in any form that is not bottled in glass.
Decontaminate home water with filters by adding 3 tablespoons raw apple
cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons sun-dried sea salt and 3-5 tablespoons coconut
cream to bath water, and a fraction of all of those to dish water. Avoid
showers because there is presently no filter system that removes all the
myriad of industrial toxins from municipal waters. However, filtration
systems are very helpful. Avoid cooked and processed food. Keep plants that
absorb toxicity in our homes to absorb many airborne pollutants. See Primal
Diet newsletter for summer of 2007, dated June 9.

I suggest that we do not use soaps for cleaning anything except laundry.
Many "ecologically friendly" soaps and cleansers are not friendly to us or
environment. They may contain on average 30% biodegradable substances and
the rest are the same chemical toxins used in commercial products. Yes,
they are less toxic but they are not totally safe.

The only company I have researched that utilizes up to 93% biodegradable
substances is BioKleen in their Cleaner, not their laundry detergent. I use
a tablespoon of BioKleen's Cleaner for each load of laundry. To clean my
dishes, I simply use warm water with 2 tablespoons raw apple cider vinegar,
1 tablespoon sea salt and 1 teaspoon coconut cream. For my body, I use
fresh or fermented coconut cream that leaves my body moisturized and
protected against environmental toxins.
