?
title=Is It True You Eat Buckets Of Cow Dung?

# Is It True You Eat Buckets Of Cow Dung?

> There is a very interesting website that states you eat fecal matter from
Organic Pastures Dairy by the buckets. Is that true?

People take my stories, like the above urine and feces in reservoir water,
and invent the craziest of stories. Fecal matter tastes like overly cooked
vegetables; a diet I detested as a child and still do. I utilize it only
remedially. Even with my unusual dietary approach, people should be a
little more cautious of irrational gossip.

I have suggested the consumption of fecal matter for several health
conditions, which are psychotropic illness, seemingly irreversible cancers
and severe indigestion, non-assimilation and mal- absorption. When I
suggested that someone eat fecal matter for any of the above named
conditions, I suggested that they acquire the bowel of an animal with its
contents intact wherein bacteria is preserved and relatively bioactive. It
is a true probiotic and works 100 times better than any probiotic
supplement on the market.

As far as acquiring feces from a dairy farm, I have told people
consistently that when fecal matter sits in the sun and/or air, its
bacteria is dehydrated and neutralized. Maybe if you captured a fresh dump
and consumed it relatively soon, you would get lots of probiotic-rich
substance. Or you dug deep into a fecal patty that had been dropped within
an hour, you might find some warm active bacteria but you would have to eat
it within minutes to make it worthwhile.

When debating the subject of and supporting the eating of fecal matter, we
should consider that fecal matter from herbivores is predigested. It
requires very little digestion for any animal that would eat it. If other
animals who do not have digestive systems to digest vegetable matter eat
herbivore-feces, they will be able to digest considerable amounts of
predigested protein and fats that they cannot normally get from vegetation.

Some tribes who lack animal protein because of deforestation thrive on
fecal matter. Although not an appealing gourmet diet to me and most
"civilized" people, it certainly provides nutrients necessary for vibrant
health. If we eat for health rather than taste, who will enjoy better
health?

However, I enjoy eating my raw dairy, meats and eggs and do not need to eat
feces except rarely, remedially.
