?
title=Are Citizens Being Attacked By Their Governments?

# Are Citizens Being Attacked By Their Governments?

> I get so much information that our government, and many governments in the
world are about to create mass genocide. Much of the evidence I have read
supports that theory and after your last newsletter, I am scared. What do you
think about warnings of mass genocide?

There is much evidence to support that there are and have been governmental
programs designed to create mass genocide. President John F. Kennedy warned
us about such secret elitist societies shortly before his assassination.
Consider that big government is big business and is controlled by several
major industries whose profits have always been much more important than
people.

The earliest absolute evidence I read was Henry Kissenger's report
"National Security Study Memorandum 200: Implications of worldwide
population growth for U.S. security and overseas interest (NSSM 200)" which
identifies India, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Nigeria, Mexico, Indonesia, Brazil,
Philippines, Thailand, Egypt, Turkey, Ethiopia and Columbia as targets for
initial population reduction. Subsequently, the Philippine Supreme Court
found that 3 million Filipinas between 12 and 45 years of age were given
the U.S. vaccine that caused sterility. Native American women and
African-American women in the U.S. received that vaccine. Consequently,
sterility rates in Native American women in the U.S. increased to over 35%
and sterility rates in African-American women increased to over 25%.

In December 1976, no epidemic of Swine Flu surfaced despite rapid approval
and response to a perceived pandemic threat following 1 death of a solder
at Ft. Dix, NJ. Our government ordered and paid about $150 millions for a
Swine Flu vaccine with taxpayers' money and over $350 millions in lawsuits
for damage caused by that vaccine. The Swine Flu inoculation program was
shut down with in 6 weeks after risk of death and polio like symptoms from
the vaccination were found to be almost 12 times greater in vaccinated than
unvaccinated people. Five percent of the people afflicted died, and 10%
were crippled or maimed for life.

Center for Disease Control (CDC) now under- reports those incidents,
stating only 46 deaths caused by Swine Flu vaccine of 1976. However,
consumer advocate Ida Honoroff's investigation at the time revealed over
2,200 deaths. I knew her and communicated with her on several occasions,
including an hour-long KPFK radio show we did together in 1978.

Additional information that supports mass genocide by governments is that
in May 1987, The Times of London reported on its front page that smallpox
vaccine administered by the World Health Organization (WHO) had caused
HIV/AIDS in over 100 million Africans. Robert Gallo, so-called discoverer
of the HIV/AIDS virus, defends those figures and says, "AIDS researchers
will keep their mouths shut because they are paid to do so." More
supportive evidence is that on November 28, 2002, a rider tacked onto the
end of the Homeland Security Bill confers immunity from liability
prosecution on Eli Lilly and other manufacturers of vaccines.

Fast forward to 2009, we have another swine flu fiasco generated by the
U.S. and U.K. governments and backed by 154 governments world-wide. A South
African newspaper reported that on June 26, "Suspicious aircraft were
forced to land. A US operated AN-124 [Russian-made long-range heavy
transport] changed its call sign from civilian to military which then
triggered a response from the IAF (Indian Air Force) upon entering
Pakistani air space [forcing] the plane to land in Mumbai while [a] second
one was forced down by Nigerian fighter jets that also arrested the crew."

"According to reports, China's People's Liberation Army Air Force contacted
the Indian and Nigerian intelligence officials about the presence of these
US operated Ukrainian aircraft amidst growing concern that the United
States was spreading 'biological agents' in the Earth's atmosphere, which
some Chinese officials believed to be an attempt to [commit] mass genocide
via the spread of H1N1 swine flu."

These aircraft "were carrying 'waste disposal' systems that could spray up
to 45,000 kg [nearly 100,000 pounds] of aerial type mist from
sophisticated... nano pipes in the planes' wings, forming what is normally
called chemtrails. Last week, [aircraft] sprayed [an unknown] substance
over Ukraine days before the [mysterious] plague outbreak."

Further scrutiny should be directed to the CDC who went out on a limb by
crying Swine Flu (H1N1) PANDEMIC. They were and still are pushing it as
hard as they can, and in a committed way. However, consider that CDC
ordered that testing people for H1N1 stop in JULY. Was it because they did
not want the public to know it was a mild flu season? From that point on,
anybody with a sniffle, cough, limp, pimple, hangnail or shirttail hanging
was diagnosed with Swine Flu. Even then, the numbers weren't high enough it
appears because CDC began to make them up.

Two days before Obama announced his "nationwide Swine Flu State of
Emergency," Tom Frieden, the CDC director, drank four cups of coffee, stood
up before the press, and said "many millions" of people in US had Swine
Flu. He pulled that right out of his imagination. Until that moment, the
figure was somewhere around 44,000 but he looked straight toward the
cameras and said "many millions." Reporters stood there and looked blank,
as usual.
Jon Rapaport, investigative reporter, @(https://www.NoMoreFakeNews.com)

But "many millions" must have been too vague, so CDC released another
figure: 22 millions world-wide. CDC said right before that, that 98,000
people had been hospitalized with (untested-for) Swine Flu and that 4000
people in the US had died from (untested-for) Swine Flu. Were these
estimates based on science and testing? Of course not.

Every year since the 1970s, CDC reported that in the U.S. 36,000 people die
of ordinary flu. (Ref: JAMA; 289 (2); 179-86.) CDC stated 4000 people died
from the Swine Flu in 6 months. However every year, 9 times that many died
from ordinary flu according to CDC. CDC's figure for yearly
hospitalizations from ordinary flu in the U.S. is 200,000. If 98,000 people
have been hospitalized in the US with Swine Flu in the last six months (and
remember, this is a lie based on nothing because the CDC stopped testing
anyone for Swine Flu in JULY), that would average out to about 200,000
Swine Flu hospitalizations for the year. Which is what happens EVERY YEAR,
according to the CDC. Yet ordinary flu is not called a pandemic, and no one
goes crazy, and the media say nothing, and there is no hysteria BUT THE
DRUG COMPANIES DO NOT MAKE ENOUGH MONEY so the drug-companies-owned U.S.
Congress and White House do their bidding by declaring pandemic and the
profits roll-in for all of them.

About 10 days ago, Disaster Specialist Ray Greenwood of the Disaster &
Client Services division of American Red Cross, Orange County Chapter,
called a Mass Mortality Training by Rosina Smith, Rio Hondo Health Services
Lead, on Monday, November 16, 2009 at the Rio Hondo Chapter at 7pm at 6706
S. Friends Ave., Whittier, CA 90601. For the past 5 months, Mass-Mortality
trainings have been conducted throughout the U.S. and other countries.

None of the above is absolute proof that mass genocide is being perpetrated
among populations of the world because we do not have a motive. If we
consider that all governments are in debt beyond reconciliation, we might
have motive. Take for example our U.S. Social Security (SS) funds. Since
President Ford began using SS funds to pay federal debts and President
Reagan exuberantly increased spending of SS funds to finance government
programs, SS funds will run out in several years. Who is not going to get
their SS benefits and whogoing to get upset at the US government? Therein
lies great motive for the crime of genocide.

Consider all of the chemtrails we have experienced in the last 15 years,
and now another Swine Flu (H1N1) hoax. Are they parts of the same plot to
distract the population and protect legislators from harm? There are
hundreds of reputable people postulating with sound evidence that
governments are trying to destroy people for personal gain. Time will tell.

However, it is up to each of us to prepare for the worst and care for
ourselves and loved ones who are willing to be helped. Those who are not
willing cannot be helped. In my newsletter #16, I revealed my survival kit
in case the worst happens. But then,may simply be paranoid without just
cause and none of the above means anything.
