?
title=My Survival Kit

# My Survival Kit

> If something were to disrupt our everyday living, what would you recommend for
a 6 week survival kit? [There are] many many [suggestions] on the internet but
don't think I want to buy them without your recommendation.

My survival kit consists of semi-dried meat bathed in stone-pressed olive
oil (or you can make beef jerky and keep it in oil), 3 gallons of varieties
of unheated above 93 degrees F. honey, 20 lbs no-salt raw butter, 2 gallons
unheated above 96 degrees F. coconut oil, 2 gallons stone-pressed olive
oil, 20 lbs cheese, 20 lbs dried figs, 20 lbs dates, and 30 gallons water.
Well managed/rationed and depending upon size, one person could survive 4-6
months on my survival kit.

## Recipe for lightly-dried muscle meats

Cut meat into 1/2 inch x 1/2 inch x 2-10 inches strips. Allow to dry for 5
hours on plates in the sun if in a cool cli- mate or in the shade in a hot
climate. Turn meat over and let dry for another 5 hours on plates as
instructed above. Baste all surfaces of meat with olive oil and let stand
for 30 minutes. Pour 1 cup olive oil into wide-mouthed quart glass jars.
Insert meat slices lengthwise into jars until jars are filled with meat to
within 1 inch of top of jars. Make sure that olive oil covers all meat, so
that oil level is about 1/2 inch above meat. When time to eat meats,
consume about 1/3 cup with equal amounts butter and/or oils. After
consuming semi-dried meat, consume 1/4 cup water with 1/2 teaspoon honey
slowly.

## Recipe for jerky meats

### Less nourishing than semi-dried meats

Cut muscle meats into 1/2 inch x 1/2 inch x 2-10 inches strips. Allow to
dry for 5 hours on plate in the sun if in a cool climate or in shade in a
hot climate. Turn meat over and let dry for 5 hours on plate as instructed
above. Turn meat over again and again and allow to stand for 5 hours on
each side un- til meat is dry inside. Baste all surfaces of meat with olive
oil and let stand for 30 minutes. Pour 1 cup olive oil into wide-mouthed
quart glass jars. Insert meat slices lengthwise into jars until jars are
filled with meat to within 1/2 inch of jar tops. Make sure that olive oil
covers all meat, so that oil level is about 1/2 inch above meat. When time
to eat meats, consume about 1/4 cup with equal amount of butter and oils.
After consuming jerky meats, consume 1/3 cup water slowly.

## Butter

Even if you do not have refrigeration when disaster occurs, butter will
keep in glass. Transfer butter into wide-mouthed 2-cups glass jars after
butter softens. Warm butter does not mold although it may sour. When butter
is soured, it is simply predi- gested by the natural bacteria in the butter
and is more assimilable like yogurt. Refrigerated raw butter will mold
within 3-5 months. Molds predigest the butter just as molds predigest
old-fashioned-made cheeses. Moldy butter often tastes like blue cheese and
can be made into Roquefort dressing. If you do not like taste of blue
cheese, then transfer butter into wide-mouthed 2-cups glass jars to within
1/4 inch of jar top as soon as you get it. Let butter warm before packing
it into jars. Do not refrigerate it; keep on a warm shelf where only a
little INDIRECT sunlight shines to curtail mold.

## Cheeses

Similarly, cheese will not easily mold at warm temperatures with enough
sunlight. As soon as you get cheeses, warm them to room temperature and
press into wide-mouthed 2-cups glass jars to within 1/4 inch of top. When
you remove lids, you may find hairy molds on top of cheese. Scrape only the
hairy molds away before consuming.

## Honey

No preparation necessary. I keep mine in 1/2 and 1 gallon glass jars. I
have 4 varieties: sage, orange, buckwheat, and wildflower. Sage
crystallizes slower than most other honeys.

## Oils

No preparation necessary. I keep mine in 1 pint and 1 quart dark glass
bottles.

## Dates and dried figs

No preparation necessary. However when time to consume, it is best to let
figs stand for 20 minutes in water (if water is available) before eating
them. Dates should not be soaked in water prior to eating. Always consume
some butter or oils prior to eating no more than 3 figs or dates daily. If
you let children eat only fruits and fats, they will become ravenously
hungry and eat your storages quickly and they may become quite
unmanageable.

## Water

No preparation necessary. Rainwater is best because it contains bacteria. I
keep mine in 1/2, 1-gallon and 5-gallons glass jars. ALWAYS sip water, do
not gulp. If gulped, any more than 2 ounces of water will be rushed to the
kidneys for elimination causing dehydration.

===

To recycle proteins from dried meats that may not have digested well, and
to keep hydrated and consume less water, I would consume all of my urine.
If you are very toxic at the time disaster strikes, it is best not to drink
the first urine in the morning because our bodies detoxify the nervous
system at night and many neurotoxins can be found in our urine in the
morning.
