?
title=Are Raw Miso And Shoyu Healthy Sauces?

# Are Raw Miso And Shoyu Healthy Sauces?

> I have been buying and consuming miso and shoyu sauces from my club coop
thinking it was healthy. I know they are made with soy but since they are
fermented and not raw, I assumed they are they okay for me to use with my raw
meats? Are they healthy?

Both miso and shoyu are soybean products. Miso is paste and shoyu is
liquid; both are produced for flavoring other foods. Both are made using
salt. Shoyu is extremely high in salt. Kojikin fungus and salt are used to
ferment soy beans because humans cannot digest raw soybeans. The fungus
predigests soybeans like bacteria predigest milk however, soybeans have a
poison that humans and fowl cannot neutralize as herbivores can. Salt is
used to destroy poisons in soybeans. If the enzymes from herbivores that
neutralize soybean-poison were utilized in the fermentation process, miso
and shoyu could be okay sauces. However, the taste would be unappetizing to
most people. So lots of salt, which is cheap and flavorful but toxic, is
utilized instead. I have written many things about the negatives of salt.

There is only one illness for which I have suggested only a few grains of
salt weekly for several months to several years and that is adrenal
exhaustion. People with true adrenal exhaustion are so weak that literally
they cannot get out of bed or off the couch.

There have been a few reports that both sauces prevent certain forms of
cancer. Those tests did not take into account that the human subjects ate
minimal miso and shoyu and ate lots of sashimi and/or sushi (raw fish).
Also, the methods to induce certain forms of cancer in the laboratory
animals that supported the theory that the soy products prevented or cured
were extremely suspect and paid for by producers of soy products.

It is my conclusion that miso and Shoyu, as long as salt is utilized to
make them, are anti-healthy for people who seek optimal health. I created
and presented 82 sauce recipes in my recipe book. Each can be made 3-5
different ways. That is about 400 sauces that can keep our palates
culinarily entertained, satisfied and happy. Choose the ones you like and
make several different ones so all you have to do is reach in the
refrigerator and add them to your meats (red, poultry and fish).
