?
title=With Mercury Found In Wild Animals, Do We Need To Be Extra Careful?

# With Mercury Found In Wild Animals, Do We Need To Be Extra Careful?

> I recall one of your late 2006 or 2007 newsletters advising that mercury
ingestion from RAW fish is much less than from cooked fish, the implication
being that it is probably safe to eat RAW meats and fish even if they are known
to have moderate mercury levels. I'm finding data, or at least allegations,
that mercury poisoning is found in wild predators, presumably as a result of
eating (raw) prey that has mercury in its tissues -- e.g., the @[following link](https://web.archive.org/web/20050122094429/http://www.panthersociety.org/mercury.html)
pointing to mercury toxicity in Florida panthers who consume more raccoons than
deer.
+
Perhaps less mercury is absorbed from eating meats raw, but is enough
still absorbed to cause problems? And if so, should we avoid most fish as
much as possible? I thought your point was that eating it RAW was the
key. But then how do the cougars suffer from eating the raccoons raw?
Wouldn't we suffer similarly from eating mercury-laden fish, and those
exist even in open ocean water, it is said??
+
Sorry, just trying hard to understand- is the distinction how much and
what type of Hg is in the animal we eat, or in whether we eat it raw or
cooked?

There are many ways that land and fresh-water animals receive mercury
poisoning. It is sprayed as pesticides and fungicides greatly in Florida
where raccoons forage. Many mercury-containing poisons are in garbage dumps
where raccoons rummage. As I have stated for years, ocean-caught fish are
not exposed to the type and concentrations of mercury that land and
fresh-water animals are.

I suggest that we do NOT avoid wild-caught ocean creatures that are
consider high in mercury. My point was that eating ocean wild-caught raw
fish was a factor with low mercury absorption. Land and fresh-water animals
do not have the same mineral-altering ability that ocean animals have.
Also, land and fresh-water animals are exposed to a lot more industrial
mercury than ocean animals.

Most of our mercury-poisoning is from pharmaceutical and other industrial
pollution. Government and industry want to blame fish-eating for our
mercury woes but it is mostly a smokescreen to avoid lawsuits that would
rightfully blame government and pharmaceuticals for our mercury-poisoning.
