?
title=How Long Does It Take To Understand The Primal Diet(TM)?

# How Long Does It Take To Understand The Primal Diet(TM)?

> Do you know it has taken me all of these years [11] to understand the theory
of the diet: We age rapidly (and die quicker) through toxicity, built up day
after day, year after year, decade after decade, eating cooked foods that bodies
have not been designed (almost all) to digest and assimilate. Those residues
lodge somewhere and everywhere in our systems.
+
There are those that push the diet and use various methods to do
deep-cleansing, cleansing that the body may or may not get to [without extra
effort], down the road. The body has infinite wisdom in attempting to balance
and heal. For me, I have been faithful, no cooked food for the 11 or 12 years
that I have been on the diet, but have not done the high meats, the [long hot]
baths or weight gain/loss flush. So, perhaps I am like a turtle, slowly
progressing by not adding so may toxins, at least through food. Alas, still I
introduce new toxins environmentally through my work and just breathing air (car
exhaust, factory fumes, etc.). So my body does it's best to keep up and now and
then go deeper.
+
I am involved [in a new relationship] with a young woman who is a fitness
instructor. Being with her pushes me in certain ways to think a bit about the
future and ways in which I can slow the aging process. This is actually what
drew me to you in the first place. I saw you and then again one and a half years
later, and you looked younger. Now, looking back, you had cleansed your body of
deeper levels of toxicity in that time frame and your body was functioning at a
higher level.
+
I have begun, in the last four months to work out, lift weights and such. This
feels good, stronger in the body.
+
Aajonus I am grateful for your teachings and the opportunity that you give me
with choice. This is all that can be asked for, just to give people the
information, the understanding and offer them the choice of what they want to do
with their bodies.
+
I am thinking again of going to the Ukraine and to photograph at Chernobyl. It
is imperative that Chernobyl remains in people's consciousness as to the dangers
of nuclear and risks of radiation. Chernobyl is misunderstood here in the west.
500,000 Ukrainian/Russians were involved in the clean-up. All of these people
were exposed to dangerous levels of radiation and all are sick. Generations are
and will be affected.

Thank you for your continued appreciation for my work. It takes many people
a decade to understand their bodies and my Primal Diet. I am delighted you
understand and thankful I was helpful in your well being.

Since the forced injections almost 2 years ago, I am aging. I am sad for
the corrupt minds that have to hurt others to achieve their goals of
complete control of other people for profit and power.

Looks as though Chernobyl will be overshadowed by Japan's new China-syndrome
nuclear disaster at Fukushima which is much worse. I saw a commentary this
morning by a scientist who stated the radioactivity is 1,800 times greater than
the hydrogen bomb. I hope that you do not go to Japan to photograph that
disaster until the radiation dissipates enough in 500,000 years.
