?
title=Repeated Surgeries Resulted In Thick Scars

# Repeated Surgeries Resulted In Thick Scars

> I'm scheduled for trachea reconstruction surgery. I don't want to have it, I
know my body can heal itself if given the right environment and nutrition.
+
I had a triple osteotomy 12 years ago on my left hip. During this surgery my
trachea was injured when I was intubated. [An iatrogenic problem.] It's a rough
bumpy violent looking injury, according to my surgeon. The good thing (according
to him) is that the scar tissue is in a single location of around 1/2 - 3/4 inch
section below my vocal chords.
+
I've had 2 bronchoscopes with laser surgery and stretching to open my air
passage. The scar tissue always grows back and I'm told it always will. The
doctors advise me to have this surgery (trachea reconstruction) to solve the
problem once and for all. They would cut out the section of the trachea with the
scar tissue and sew the trachea back together, shortening my trachea by about an
inch. I would be in ICU a week, mainly in case of swelling.
+
Today my airway is about half the size of its normal diameter, in the affected
area. It's hard to breathe. I can't walk and talk at the same time without
getting winded. It's very disabling. I sound like I have emphysema. Phlegm gets
caught on the scar tissue and blocks my airway even more or completely, which
causes me to cough it away. So it's often hard for me to have conversations,
because I'm constantly clearing my throat with a dry sounding cough, or
swallowing hard to try and clear it. It's embarrassing. I'll start talking and
it will sound like I'm gurgling. Gross.
+
I've needed the laser/stretch bronchoscope every 3-4 years to keep my airway
open. In between, I have had 1-1.5 years of being disabled physically because of
a blocked airway. I always wait as long as I can before having it, but this is
bad because I can't exercise like I need and want to. I'm very active, love to
windsurf, bike, hike, ski, etc.
+
In my first laser surgery, I woke during surgery and was very traumatized.
When I had the laser surgery, they gave me a paralytic so the reflexes in my
throat wouldn't cause damage. The anesthesiologist had to manually control my
breathing. The surgeon and anesthesiologist had to take turns with my airway,
since laser and oxygen together would create fire in my throat.
+
I woke [during surgery] and was completely paralyzed and suffocating with no
way to tell them. It was extremely painful to feel my body suffocating and
traumatizing emotionally. This is another reason I don't want the surgery. I'm
afraid for this reason and the obvious reasons of cutting into my breathing
passage.
+
What do you think? I'm up to 3 raw eggs a day, 1/4-1/2 cup of raw honey, I've
only had raw meat once, but I'm going to try some recipes. I had sashimi twice
last week. I haven't located raw butter or cream yet, but I'll find it asap.
+
I normally eat mostly raw fruits and vegetables, but have always cooked my
meat and eggs. I've never had raw unheated honey until I just read your book. I
didn't know! My point is, I already juice daily and eat all organic and I WAS
taking LOTS of vitamins, but it sounds like this isn't good, so I've stopped
them.
+
Another thing is, I've been on Nexium for 10 years, 1-2 x daily. I'm trying
not to take it. Last night I seared some organic hamburger and ate it mostly
raw. I had quite a bit of burning in my esophagus. I don't know how to deal with
this. I need help.
+
Can you help me? I'll eat anything if I can keep it down and if I'm convinced
it will heal me. Do you think my body can get rid of the scar tissue somewhat
quickly? I need to breathe. It's uncomfortable, I get dizzy a lot, and it's very
hard to live like this.

Every time you had surgery, your wound keloided, that is, it grew many
layers of uneven scar tissue. One of the main reasons for that is that
during and after surgery, medical practitioners swabbed your throat with
iodine, Merthiolate and/or Mercurochrome.(the last two are liquid mercury)
used as antiseptics. They are not only antiseptic to bacteria, they are
antiseptic to live cells and prevent cellular regeneration and division.
They poisons cells and your body does not want to dissolve those cells when
they die because those contaminated cells would release the poisons again.
So the body gradually builds those poisoned cells into scar tissue when
they die.

Doctors use those antiseptics because they prevent white blood cells from
trying to clean the area damaged by surgery. Normally, during surgery, many
cells are killed and the body must dissolve or consume them. Normally, that
is the job of the lymphatic system. However, under such a mass cellular
destruction as surgery, white blood cells leave the blood stream and enter
the fluids in tissues that have been injured. There, the white blood cells
consume dead cells but not just red blood cells. When the white blood cells
have consumed some industrially toxic or venom contaminated cells, the body
throws them off as puss rather than allow them to stay in the body.

Normally, it is the job of white blood cells to eat only dead red blood
cells to keep the blood clean of organic waste. When antiseptics like toxic
iodine and/or mercury are used, often white blood cells will not try to
help the body by eating those surgically destroyed and poisoned cells, thus
preventing cleansing (detoxification) of the area.

With their antiseptics, doctors prevent proper detoxification, preventing
the consequential intense swelling and puss that would likely and
necessarily occur. The swelling would result in more pain, puss and slow
mending of incision(s), complicating medical treatments. With antiseptics,
doctors save themselves the tedious task of having to deal with complaining
patients. However, patients suffer harmful long-term side effects that
could easily lead to cancer. That is, the inability to dissolve dead tissue
and instead collect dead cells to form tumors.

Additionally, those antiseptics contaminate surrounding live healthy cells.
Those cells cannot reproduce. Because of the medical contamination with
antiseptics, those healthy live cells are poisoned and quickly die
(compared to normal cellular lifespan).

Since those cells are contaminated, the body cannot easily dissolve them
because dissolving them would release those toxins and damage more healthy
cells. As the dead cells accumulate, the body has no alternative but to
store them, creating tumor(s). Keloidal tissue is a tumor, most often
fibroid-like tumor. All tumors are the body's collection of dead cells that
it cannot dissolve and discard until the health of the body is
significantly improved.

When dead cells collect in the mucous membranes as a tumor, the body tries
not to let the tumor get too large. The mucous membranes will create mucus
and discard some of the dead cells into the mucus, preventing for as long
as possible the building of scar tissue (tumor) to the extent that it
blocks the passageway.

Note that dead cells in the mucous membranes do not manufacture mucus; they
are dead. Only live mucous membrane cells can create mucus. Therefore, the
scar tissue is usually very exposed without mucosal protection. Often, that
causes dry cough.

The possible remedy to prevent need for surgery that I suggest is gargling
with raw apple cider vinegar diluted by half in fresh liquid whey 3-6 times
daily. The exposed dead cells, that is scar tissue/fibroid tumor, will be
gradually dissolved and discarded. However, if the mucus members become too
sore, please cease the remedy for 24 hours each time excessive soreness
occurs.

Vinegar, whether raw or distilled, strips mucus from the membranes but the
distilled causes much destruction and havoc with live cells. Use only the
raw unpasteurized apple cider vinegar.

To ensure that your body makes enough mucus to protect live areas, I
suggest that you drink 1-2 milkshakes daily. Milkshake recipes are in my
recipe book, The Recipe for Living Without Disease.

Should that remedy not work, you may have to have surgery. If you have
surgery, I suggest that you demand that the surgeon only use alcohol as an
antiseptic rather than iodine or mercury or any other antiseptic. Also, I
suggest that you tell him not to stretch the area, only scrape away the
layers of scarring because stretching often causes more scarring, that is,
stretch marks. The ideal natural antiseptic is raw lime juice but I do not
know if you can convince your surgeon to use lime juice during surgery with
his microbe-phobia of raw foods.

Although alcohol can cause a lot of damage, it does not cause long-term
toxicity like other antiseptics, especially the poisoning caused by mercury
and iodine. I suggest you demand that your surgeon absolutely, under no
circumstances use anything as an antiseptic or antibiotic other than lime
juice or alcohol on any tissue of your body, inside or out. You would have
to put that in writing and have someone video tape the surgery to insure
that he does not use iodine or mercury-based antiseptics.

Doctors will often lie like a parent to placate their child, persuading the
child to calm and then do what the parent wants. Doctors, like parents,
think that they know what is best for the patient. However, most doctors do
not have clear discernment or wisdom because of their pharmaceutical
indoctrination.

Pre- and post-surgery dietary regime and lifestyle can prevent keloidal
tissue from developing after your next surgery, if surgery is necessary
after trying vinegar/whey gargles above for 3-4 months.

If surgery is necessary, I suggest that you allow the surgeon to only
scrape the uneven scar tissue and not take a section of your esophagus. A
shortened esophagus has caused much pain to patients.

I knew one man that had to take morphine many times daily because of the
pain of the stomach pulling on the esophagus. With morphine he could not
function and was often depressed. He took medication upon medication for
all of the pain caused by his shortened esophagus.

Following surgery, to directly help prevent scarring, I suggest that you
gargle with fresh lime juice. If you have to dilute it that is okay but it
is more effective undiluted. Also, sipping/licking no- salt raw
butter/unheated honey/lime juice mixture from a spoon helps soothe the
throat and promote healing without much scarring. The ratio of butter to
honey to lime juice I suggest is 4:1:1 respectively.

Raw protein is very necessary to accomplish repair of damaged cells. Most
often raw eggs will accomplish that however, most often it is impossible to
get perfect eggs because people do not understand the dietary needs of
chickens.

Profits prevent them from exploring, experimenting and knowing that
chickens are vultures and will consume mostly raw and decaying meats if
they have the opportunity. If they do not have meat, they will eat as many
worms and insects as possible. If there are hundreds of chickens, there
will not be many insects or worms. When desperate, they will eat another
chicken.

Chickens are always frantic and panicked when fed grain and processed-food
diets. They need meat or insects. Since good chicken is difficult to
acquire, it would be better to consume grass-fed meat or ocean wild-caught
fish. I give suggested diets for humans on pages 40-41 in my recipe book.

There are other things that I could suggest but I would not know without
knowing either your history, or photographing your irises.
