?
title=How Bad Are MRIs?

# How Bad Are MRIs?

> Right now I am thinking of getting an MRI to see what is going on with a hip
that hurts. I'm hoping the MRI is safe. Please give me your opinion.

An MRI uses 75,000 milligauss Electromagnetic field radiation (EMF). If a
metal object, such as a spoon were to be in the room when they turn on the
machine, the spoon would pass through the MRI machine and possibly injure
you. MRIs cause internal free-radical metallic minerals in the body to pass
through cellular walls like tiny bullets and cause much internal cellular
bleeding. EMF-safety by present-day alternative scientists is 3 milligauss.
They have observed that any EMF above 3 milligauss alters the molecular
structure of animal cells.

An average household AC current inside the body of about one billionth of
an amp per square centimeter (RMS) seems to be the conservative threshold
for biological effects. Based on epidemiological studies, personal exposure
to electromagnetic pollution should be avoided if it produces AC currents
inside the body higher than the threshold level, of frequencies at or below
1000 cycles per second. An external household appliance magnetic field of 3
milligauss, or an electric field of 2.5 kilovolts/meter will produce
approximately that threshold current inside the body.

Consider the consequences of driving a modern vehicle that exposes drivers
to EMF of 35-100 milligauss as long as the car is operating. It creates
substantial hyper-activity or fatigue, or hyperactivity followed by
fatigue. Some people experience soreness in their legs, especially the leg
operating the gas pedal where EMF is highest. Consider the fact that pilots
who are exposed to EMF from 100-200 milligauss cannot fly more than a
limited amount without considerable brain fog and fatigue.

Subtract 3 from 75,000 and consider the effects/ damage produced by 74,997
milligauss above safety. Imagine the particles of metals in your body
darting around like bullets damaging cells. If you are already having a
health issue, do you think that your body can withstand 15-25 minutes of
bombardment with being scathed? What is your decision?

An alternative method of visual medical analysis can be obtained through
ultrasound. It uses sound waves to map tissue density and is not as radical
as radiation waves. The images are not as delineated and doctors may spend
20 minutes analyzing them rather than 2-5 minutes analyzing images from
MRI.

Therefore, most medical doctors hate and refuse to use them because, to
them, their time is more important than your health. Although much less
harmful, ultrasound can damage the auditory capabilities of a fetus,
impairing hearing. Therefore, if you are pregnant, it would be wise to
avoid ultrasound and radiation exposure.

See @(https://electromagnetichealth.org/quotes-from-experts) and
@(http://www.newmediaexplorer.org/chris/adey_encneuro_emfs.pdf)
