?
title=High Blood-Pressure

# High Blood-Pressure

> My question would be on transitioning into the raw diet, which I'm doing and
I've only been doing it for 3 or 4 weeks, I think. I've been doing eggs and some
other things. I'm having some high blood pressure. It's almost like my blood
gets thicker.

High blood pressure should be tolerated. High blood pressure is very
necessary for most people who have either arterial congestion, or are
overweight, or subject to certain toxins, including house molds. Since you
are not overweight, you probably have congested arteries or something is
toxic in your home or office.

High blood pressure makes blood move through our bodies properly when
something interferes with or limits circulation. When you have high blood
pressure and you slow blood pressure with medication or homeopathy, you're
likely to cause clots because the blood is not moving fast enough through
congested arteries. Excessive pressure on the blood stream from obesity
requires high blood pressure to properly move the blood. Enjoy your high
blood pressure.

If you have high blood pressure that is not disease-oriented from eating
too much garlic or other spices, eating some grapefruit will provide the
nutrients for your body to lower blood pressure. I suggest that you eat
half of a grapefruit daily for 10 days. If that brings it down, then you
simply lacked nutrients to lower blood pressure. If eating grapefruit does
not help your body lower blood pressure, then your body needs high blood
pressure. I think it's good for everyone to have high blood pressure for
awhile at times. High blood pressure is important for many people over
mid-forties and they may have high blood pressure for the rest of their
lives because they do not care for themselves enough to make necessary
changes in diet and environment.
