?
title=Primal Diet Is Not A Stagnant Diet

# Primal Diet Is Not A Stagnant Diet

There is a lot of people who thing that the Primal Diet is a stagnant diet,
people who been on it for a few years, they stop having as good reactions.
Why? Because they are not adjusting. If you read my book once a year you are
going to see that when you have changes in your body, those are the foods you
need to adapt to. The diet that i will prescribe to you when you come to me is
for your normal course, if you start having detoxifying symptoms you go to the
book, those are the foods you eat during those times, you either add those
foods to the diet that i have given to you and eliminate something on the diet
that i have given you or you do a completely different diet that it say in the
book for those kinds of detoxifications.

Also something that i have come to learn, i am always learning. Because you
know, you cant know everything, maybe if i lived a thousand lifetimes as a
human i might. But i have learned that after you have been on the diet a few
years , my normal high celery diet - is not correct. I have a high celery
juice, because it extracts sugars out of the body, all the toxic sugars that
you have been consuming. Celery is a negative in the carbohydrate, it doesn't
have enough carbohydrate to digest itself, so celery is the negative, that is
why i have it predominant in the juice.

Once you been on the diet for a couple of years, some of you might might be
all of the sudden carbohydrate deficient. Some of you have been sugarholics
and ate tons of sugar it might take 6 to 7 years to get to that point. So you
need to add carrot to the juice so you will have more carbs to give you little
bit more energy, if after the juice you don't feel good, you feel tired, it is
time to adjust. Add carrots, anywhere from 20% to 40%. If you are heavily
jaundice person, you have a lot of yellow to your skin, that means that you
already have a lot of bile in your system, your already going to be sugar
deficient, add the carrot juice right away. Yes you will turn more orange but
it won't be from the Keratin, it will be from the bile. Your yellow from the
bile as it is. Asians have a lot of bile passing true their system, because
they eat 80% rice. They don't get enough fat, so the body starts sending bile
all the way true the system to digest all the fat that it is produced, the
acetones that are produced by transforming carbohydrates which are turned in
to acetones which is a fat, it is not a very stable fat and it doesn't burn
very well in the brain and nervous system, but in the fuel in the body of the
muscles it is fine, it is good for the lackeys, that is how way how the
Egyptians and Chinese did it to keep slaves. They kept them eating 5% meat,
80% rice and then 20% to 15% vegetables. That kept their body functioning high
and their brain functioning low, so they were good lackeys, good slaves, they
could work hard labor without disrupting the feudal systems.

On this system is like 35% to 40% meat, 25% to 30% dairy, and then you have
your juices that are about 20% of the diet in most people diets, and that is
the way it works. In the tribes in Africa dairy averages from 50% to 90% of
their diet, raw dairy.

===

QA_LA_2008_08_24 00:00:00
