?
title=Q&A Of January 24, 1999

# Q&A Of January 24, 1999

@[Source](https://www.primaldiet.net/a-very-informative-qa-with-mini-consults-given-in-1999/)

Q&A National Health Federation – Pasadena

Q: Explanation of how you got sick…

…I certainly will not let a doctor poke me and give me an x-ray me and give
me something. So I just trust that I have none of those diseases. No diabetes,
no nothing. Of course I do not eat any fruit to cause a diabetic reaction.

Q: I get a headache from eating fruit. I can’t take carrot juice, anything.

Well, I suggest most people do not eat much fruit because I found it nothing
but bad all the way down the line especially for women and moods, men and moods
too. It cuts way down on that moodiness. One chronic fatigue individual, she had
been chronic fatigued from 16 until she came to me at 26. She had been on the
diet for about 2 years. Very slow progress. Finally I got her moved to a warm
climate from Oregon where it is always raining and she is well affected by
sunshine. So I got her moved down to San Diego. She is doing better. She got in
touch with someone else I work with occasionally who thinks this of any
carbohydrate or fruit or anything: she says that it is poison. In the Bible the
apple is the poisonous food. Fruit is the poisonous food. I thought it was a
little crazy but then I started hearing stories that I had not heard before,
getting to places that I had never heard before, by doing such a thing: fasting
only on meat. That is feasting. You do not eat anything but meat and water. And
it is working in some situations. So I could not deny it. I started cutting out
most fruit and I find it works well - incredibly well - in most situations. You
know, carbohydrates, even carrot juice – keeping it way, way down.

Q: If you balance fruit with some kind of protein like almonds will that help?

No it is very difficult to get any digestibility of the proteins and nuts
because it takes a vegetarian animal to break the protein down properly even if
you soak. Then it makes it worse because then it starts to react into a
vegetable and starts to grow. Once you do that, there are enzymes that are
prohibitive of certain digestive functions like if that did not react all birds
would eat all seeds and there would be nothing growing. They would not be eating
insects or anything else. And there are enzymes like that our in sprouts, there
are books out on it now, that there is an acid that prevents other foods from
being digested. And you develop an allergy to those sprouts for that reason. If
you are going to eat fruit I tell everyone to eat it with lots of fat – raw
unsalted cheese, raw unsalted butter, avocado, peanut oil that is pressed below
96 degrees F, raw cream.

Q: Many nutritionists tell you to eat fruit alone.

Most nutritionists come from a vegetarian/fruitarian background. When you are a
vegetarian/fruitarian, you have very little protein; that means you will develop
very few enzymes of an unusual nature. The longer you are on that kind of a diet
the less you will be able to digest. So it gets to the point where you have to
start eating mono meals. I know. I was there. But once you start eating protein
then you can mix just about anything. I do not recommend to people to eat fruits
of any kind with red meat because it mainly turns it into pyruvate which is a
protein sugar and your body can not use it for regeneration. Red meat is very
important for regenerating the glandular tissue, especially the liver.

This workshop is about living disease free so I am going to give you the clues.
The body cleans out garbage with fats. It makes solvents, just like in industry
we make solvents with fats mainly. We put a little alcohol in it or something to
help break down the fat to make it more soluble. The body does the same thing.
About 8 % alcohol. You can get 8% alcohol for the whole week from eating one
piece of fruit. So you do not need much. The body uses about 8% alcohol to make
solvents; 8% of the whole body and about 12-15% protein and almost 80% fat. In
the fat utilization cycle for energy it is about the exact same proportion. But
fats are the primary substance for cleansing and for fuel. They also chelate and
bind, the body makes lipids and cholesterols to bind with toxins to break them
down in the lymph system and discard them into the bowels or though out the
skin.

Q: You mentioned in your lecture about eating a stick of butter a day?

No that was Daniel, I eat two sticks of butter a day unless I have raw cream.
If I have raw cream, I may eat 16 oz of raw cream and eat no butter.

Q: Well, I did macrobiotics before.

I did macrobiotics for a year and a half.

Q: My impression of it was that it was too much butter and that it will
eventually cause in woman ovarian cysts and clogging.

There is no way it could do that unless you cook it. It has to be raw. I am
talking about raw butter that stays soluble and malleable, fluid at body
temperature. Once you heat it to pasteurization temperature, it never exchanges
ions and it will dry out and harden in the body.

Q: I thought raw butter looked like regular butter?

It does, except at body temperature it melts. At 80% it will get soft and melt.
If you have been on a macrobiotic diet for a while, you are going to have a
problem with any diet change.

Q: If we can not get raw butter, can we use olive oil?

Oils - no matter what they are - are mainly solvents. They will break down
toxicity in your body, degenerative tissue and scar tissue. They will break it
down. They will not lubricate you and protect you and make you strong. There was
a Russian general that wrote in his journal in WW II, “As long as my men were
able to eat the dairy, (it was only raw then,) their hair and skin stayed supple
and resilient. As soon as we had to resort to olive oil and other pressed oils,
their skin and hair dried out within 3 months.” They are great oils to clean
out your system but remember they are remedial. They are medicines. They are not
to be consumed too much at a time. Cod liver oil is an animal product. It is not
a pressed oil. It is an extracted oil but not a pressed oil, not from vegetation
or fruit. It is actually an animal fat. And it is wonderful wherever you can get
it. But you have to talk to the chemist wherever it is made and make sure they
extract it no higher than 82 degrees and they can not use a solvent to do it.

Q: Do you know of a brand that they do it that way?

Not anymore. I have not investigated because I do not use supplements any more.
It is better to just go out and get the fish and have the protein with the fat.

Q: Bob Marshall might have it?

But I would still check in to it. Check with the chemist. When I ran a health
food store from 1977-78, we had about 2,300 supplements on the shelf. I tried to
whittle them down as far as I could get them. Of course the owner of the health
food store was not happy because the sale of supplements was where he made his
money. I talked with every chemist at every lab in this country and in all
others where we imported and sold them. This is in Aunt Tilly’s health food
store. There were only 9 products out of all of those that were good. Out of 9
products they only make 3 of them now. Everything else is a chemical. Almost 99%
of the Vitamin E is a byproduct from Fuji and Kodak. The tocopherol is molecule
that is identical to vitamin E only it is alpha-tocopherol not
de-alpha-tocopherol. So it is a chemical. They are selling it as vitamin. If it
is from de-alpha-tocopherol, it is from soy or some other source, wheat germ or
something like that and they use a solvent to get it out of there and it causes
headaches and degenerative thyroids and pineal glands.

Q: Where do you get the idea that it does this?

… from observation, watching in lab animals and in people.

Q: Do you have lab animals?

Yes, I paid over a 1.5 million dollars to have lab tests done in the last 15
years.

Q: Is there any way I can get some kind of copy of this?

No you can’t because at the time I was doing these, I was doing these
underground and you were supposed to have a doctor’s supervision over it. I
went before the medical board for practicing medicine without a license although
I had nothing to do with medicine and they were going to use that evidence
against me so I do not let it out. Nobody gets it. You just have to take my word
for it. I have no reason to lie. What reason do I have to lie? It is absurd.

There is one company. I forgot what they are called. They take those same
chemicals and feed them to microorganisms and call them natural. I do not know
how they get by with it. That is the only thing that gets remotely close to
being bioorganic reactive.

New chapter.

Q: Let’s see if I can understand what you are saying so far by breaking it
down in a protein, carbohydrate, fat basis. Now you say fats provide fuel,
purify, lubricate.

… strengthen…

Q: Now if I understand you the carbohydrates - except for the enzymes you get
from the vegetable juice - are not important.

Correct.

Q: What about the protein?

The protein is the only thing I have found that regenerates tissues and keeps
you young. It is a building block. Unless you mix it with certain foods, then it
will be used a pyruvate which is a protein sugar. So it uses it as fuel instead
of a protein building block.

Q: So what is the problem with pyruvate?

There is no problem with pyruvate. You only need 15 % pyruvate in the citric
acid cycle of utilizing fat as fuel. 15% is protein which is a fuel, 5 % - 8 %
is citric acid or carbohydrate.

Q: I do not understand quite what you are describing there. I know it is the
citric acid cycle but where are you starting? … with the intake of protein,
15% protein, that you put in your mouth?

No, that is in the breakdown at the cellular level. That is when it gets down
to the cellular level. However it works out to about the same proportion calorie
wise. The Eskimos ate 80% fat as their choleric intake. The rest was almost all
entirely protein. They rarely ate any vegetable matter or grain matter except in
the summertime.

Q: What did they eat?

… fish, lots of fish.

Q: What is a typical meal for you?

That is jumping ahead. …Well like I said those are difficult to digest in the
human body. If I crave a starch I will go for nuts. I will eat walnuts or pecans
because they are very soft and easier to break down. And I utilize the starch
better. And most people I found can’t. Almonds are a little more difficult to
break down even if they are germinated because the enzyme is created. … also
pine nuts. Cashews are irradiated. They have the hardest shell on the planet.
They fire a laser beam into it. Heats it on the inside and explodes it open.
That is why most people who eat them can’t digest them. It just sits in the
stomach. And they say raw and it is a lie. Macadamia nuts are great. They may
heat the outside to 100-110 degrees. The inside usually does not get to over 105
degrees and that is okay if you can find a local farm, because they do farm them
up in Santa Barbara. If you can find some local people it is even better. Most
of these from Hawaii are put into kilns and dried at about 110 degrees.

Q: If they are high in fats, is that a good fat, a kind of fat that we should
eat?

You can utilize it to an extent because as I said it is a difficult fat to
break down. Animal fats I find are the safest and the best to eat in large
quantities without puttying it on and properly digesting it. And I encourage
people. Everybody that I help reverse a disease quickly has been those people
who don’t mind, or swallow their vanity, to get fat. And I am talking about
15-20 lbs over their supposed normal weight. If they do that, they will heal so
much faster. If you don’t you, you will never be able to keep up with the
body’s needs. What you do is go into a cycle. You go up with that weight and
you take it off. You go up in a 4-5 month cycle. It takes you a few months to
put it on and it takes you a few months to take it off. What happens is they
fill up with fats; it takes that toxicity and dumps it out. It is like changing
the oil in a car every 6 months except you do it every 5 months.

Q: How long do you do this?

I suggest that people do this for the rest of their lives. Now I still do it
and I have been eating the raw meat since 1976 not on a daily basis until
December of 1982. Still I am right now 30 lbs over my chart weight. Most people
my size, 5’8” should be 155 max. I go from 172 to 180. That is my normal
weight because on the raw meat the density of tissue is a lot heavier. So you
are always going to be overweight anyway on this diet with raw meat. You are
naturally going to have that. Now my fat content is about 27%. When I had these
people do the tests they said, “Oh my God. I can help you. I can help you.”
This is mainly chiropractors that freak out when they see a fat level that high.
They are there and they are not healthier than me. Now this is the mindset that
since has basically put people into. The Eskimos did it. 80% of their caloric
intake was fat.

Q: Maybe that was because it was so cold up there?

In the Andes, take a look at the Maasai tribe – blood, meat, milk. That is
all they eat. At least it was this way up to 20 years ago. Now they eat the
other crap that white man has brought in. But they had no degenerative disease
and had tremendous amounts of fat and they are in a tropical place.

Q: Were they ever heavy?

No, the Eskimos were never heavy. They wore these coats with fir on the inside
to keep them warm but they were never fat. They are fat now because they are on
white man’s diet.

Q: Your aboriginals must be the same?

I just located a book. Someone sent it to me from NY that had books written in
the 1700’s regarding aboriginals but I have not got to that chapter yet. So
this is the first that I have gotten actually before they were really corrupted.
Aborigines, from what I understand, mainly ate cooked meats. So they had
degenerative diseases and a shorter life. Their life expectancy at the longest
was 80 years old. You have heard storied about the Eskimos only living 50 years
old. However Vilhjalmer Stefansson, the anthropologist who was hired by the US
government to study cancer among the Inuit and other Eskimo tribes and North
American Indian tribes found that there was only one colony that was reported to
have a colony of about 51 years old. He got reports and studied and wrote to the
doctors and the missionaries and all the other settlements of Eskimos and they
lived to 105 years old, some of them died young. Just like every other place
that was eating white man’s diet. But that is all they could do statistics on
at that time because the British and Russians came in there in the early
1800’s and had brought caldrons to cook with. So that was up to that point.
They say the propaganda is still out there that the Eskimos live to 51 years old
– short life. There was only one colony that had that report. Now science and
medicine love to take the statistics and ride with them to serve their interest.
Just like saying you are living longer – no you are not. They are taking those
statistics from NYC, Chicago, Houston, and Philadelphia. Those cities were
cosmopolitan - lots of people, no refrigeration, no electricity, no
transportation - so when they got their food, it was always rotten. They always
overcooked everything because it was full of worms and everything else. The
people who lived on the farms were 105 and 110 years old. Sure some people died
younger. There were accidents on the farm. There were accidents with animals.
There were miscarriages. There were bad births because someone did not know how
to birth properly or they were eating too much cooked foods and it did not work.
But there were lots of people that were living very old in farms. It was the
cities that were taking the statistics and saying you are living longer; we are
making your lives better. Only refrigeration has done that and transportation of
fresher foods has extended the life in the cities. In the rural areas, there is
no change. In fact it is worse.

Q: To what do you attribute the longevity of the life of the Georgian Russians
and the Hunza’s? What do you contribute that to?

That is a good one. In 1973, National Geographic came out with article that
showed the oldest man alive - 168 years old living in Georgia Russia. Another
man was 148 and his wife was 122. And they had been together for 102 years. He
had his arm around her, loved her, happy, great. I thought oh I wish I could
have that for 2 weeks. I finally have it and have enjoyed it for 1 ½ years but
the longevity there, I do not know. Nobody has given me any material on what
they ate for long periods of time. I do know that the Hunza’s ate a lot of
soured milk. When they ate meat, they usually ate lamb or goat and they usually
ate it cooked. Really I do not know. I have not been able to discover those.
This new book I have has some matter in it so I will find out. But it has
references in it of bibliography of books that I would love to get my hands on -
and I do not know if they are in existence - from the 1700s - 1800’s.

Q: What about soured milk?

You know, your body digests milk by souring it. … nothing wrong with it. It
does not putrify unless you cook it. When you cook anything, it putrifies. When
you let the meat rot… the Eskimos let their meat rot, the Turks let their meat
get green before they eat it because it is predigested. It is naturally with its
own bacteria.

Q: And they eat it raw?

They eat it raw. They used to eat it raw. They do not eat it as raw anymore.
Kibbe – it is raw lamb mixed with bulgar. Steak tartar. Carpaccio. Every
culture had their raw meat specialty.

Q: What about eating raw insects?

There are instinctos that do. Now I meet some people from Peru who lived in the
jungles and that was their protein because in those concentrated tribes, animals
were over-hunted so they had to resort to insects. I had one girlfriend from
Peru who up to 10 years old lived in the jungle and she just takes caterpillars
off the corn and just pops them. Down there in the Amazon she said they had
worms this long and this big around and she just popped them. Those were
considered a specialty. I am sorry I have not been able to do that. I have eaten
red ants with dates and that is all that I could do and I did not do that
purposefully. The ants got into my dates during a very hot time in the desert
and I was sitting there chewing them thinking oh these are really good. They
taste like caramel. Why do they taste so good? And I break it open and all these
ants are crawling all over. But at that time of the day it was 140 degrees so
the ants just kind of stay where they are. And I had taken them up to this old
coyote den because it is cooler in the caves but the dates were still hot and
the ants did not know until I broke it open. So I made sure I ate my dates at
that time of the day because those red ants were delicious.

Q: You ate them again?

Oh yeah, every day that I was there. It seemed that when it touched the fluid
in your mouth it paralyzed them. They never bit me once and I ate a lot of them.

Q: Do you eat pork?

Yes, if I crave it. But you can get organic pork. You can go to a health food
store and get organic pork.

Q: And there is no trichinosis?

Trichinosis again is something you naturally have in your body. Whether you
have pork cooked or raw you have trichinosis in your body. It is just waiting
for enough decay of that particular tissue to become active.

Q: I would say if you are cooking it at 300 degrees that all the bacteria are
dead?

It is dead for that particular period of time. But once the meat absorbs
moisture and other fluids it goes into degenerative tissue again and it will
create bacteria again, even trichinosis. I have seen this over and over again.
If you cook at 700 degrees it will not. It will mold and degenerate after that.
That is the highest temperature between 600-700 degrees that I cooked meat and
could not get meat to re-flourish. And it is leather at that point. Who is going
to eat leather? So you are going to get bacteria.

Q: So this is not some prepressed generation you are talking about? This is
just that 212 degrees for 15 minutes really does not sterilize your meat?

It does temporarily. Once it is out, it starts to rot and decay again.

Q: So you are saying that organisms really survive the heat in some sort of
state?

Either that or they are introduced.

Q: Introduced from where? You talked about …

That was one test. That was not cooking the meat first. The other tests that I
did were not as extreme as that.

Q: So you are not sure where these organisms appear from?

Well let’s say that I go out and kill a goat and he rots in the field. We
have worms that will show up. We have vultures that will show up and crows that
will show up. The crows and the vultures are not indigenous to the tissue to
that animal. But they will come and eat it. But do you blame the crows and the
vultures for the dead carcass? No. That is why you can not blame the E. coli,
salmonella, and trichinosis for the dead carcass. They just feed on it. It is
their job to feed on tissue that is in degeneration.

Q: My question after you heat at 300 degrees for x number of minutes where does
any life appear from?

It could appear extraneously.

Q: It could just come out of nothing kind of like fruit flies.

From what I understand a fruit fly is that they are spontaneously a part of
fruit for some reason because you can hermetically seal that and have the fruit
contained in an isolation chamber and never exposed to any insects and all of a
sudden the fruit flies will just appear. So that to me is like the worms and the
parasites. They are natural and indigenous to the fruit tissue just like
parasites and bacteria are indigenous to animal tissue. But the crows and
vultures are not but they will come and feed on it.

Q: Why not salt and any other spices?

Salt increases the sodium ions heavily in the blood and the body eats by the
process of ion attraction. So let’s say that you have a potassium ion maybe
carrying a carbohydrate or a protein molecule. The cell opens up and attracts
that ion that is carrying that nutrient and gets to eat. If it is a sodium ion,
most of the time it is carrying water. If you eat salt whether it is sea salt,
Celtic salt, whatever it might be, it causes clumping of sodium ions. That
creates such a magnetism outside the cells that often when the cell opens to get
the H20 instead of the molecules being drawn in they will be ripped out of the
cell and the cell can never eat again. It shrivels up like a raisin. So I even
learned that in high school from my biology teacher. And he showed us that a
grain of salt can kill 2 million RBC by that clumping no matter what kind of
salt that is.

Q: Someone did a dark field and my blood cells were all clumping together. And
I had no idea what that was about. I also had a feeling that this guy was
generating an electrical field and that would clump cells that way.

That would happen too but there are many things that would cause cells to
clump, thousands. It depends on what you ate, hours or days before. And even
what electrical fields you have gotten into. Those blood cell analyses change
every moment. How can you base anything on something that is changeable within
moments?

Q: Dates and raisins – are they fruits?

Yes, they are fruit, however since they are not high fluid, they digest slower.
Dates are great brain food. I had a lapse there a moment because my blood sugar
got low and if it does not kick back in, I would go eat a date and butter
together. 2-3 dates and butter together and I would not eat any more fruit for
3-4 days. And that will be enough to carry me through.

Q: What about figs?

Figs are great - dried but not fresh. Fresh figs are good too but have a
tendency to alkalize the blood more than any other kind of fruit. That is not so
good in my state of raw foods. So if I eat a fig I do not eat many, if they are
fresh. I can eat more dried figs.

Q: So raw eggs, unrefrigerated eggs, salmonella…

Did you know the Chinese have the century eggs and they bury them raw and pull
them out from anywhere from 5-25 years later. They are either white with mold or
black with mold and you pay $ 100 dollars an egg and you eat those raw. They
strengthen your immune system. Eat them. Great. Get some bacteria. Get well
quicker.

Q: I have had an experience with raw fertile eggs. If I get one with a crack in
it, I have gotten diarrhea from it on three occasions so I will not eat a
cracked egg at this point. It is getting bacteria in here.

Yes, but that bacteria may be a good thing. It may be going in there and
pulling something out of your intestines that is very good.

Q: Well, the diarrhea did not bother me but it was the 4 hours of sitting on
the can. I did not say I felt bad or had a bad experience.

Then I would say you were expelling something from your intestines that needed
to leave. Let me give you an example. It is in my book, in the appendix. There
is a woman who had a daughter 14 years old that had polio. The doctors were
crippling her more, more, more and more every day by giving her lots of
antibiotics, lots of penicillin. Anything to destroy the poliomyelitis in the
blood because it was eating the nervous system and paralysis was resulting. The
woman came to me and said the daughter is getting worse. That they are keeping
the poliomyelitis down and it looks encouraging but my daughter is getting
worse. It comes to the old saying, “We cured your daughter but here is the
bill and she is dead.” Cured her of what? How is poliomyelitis the problem?
Again, poliomyelitis is in everybody’s nervous system just like syphilis. It
is a known. You all have syphilis. You all have poliomyelitis. What makes it
active? Degenerative tissue in those areas on which that particular bacteria
will feed. I said okay lets take the other view point. Let’s jack the
poliomyelitis up and give her as much bacteria as we can. Feed her the raw meats
and see if it changes. Her daughter was up and walking around in 6 weeks. The
higher the poliomyelitis in the blood, the more she healed.

Q: Like a natural vaccine effect?

That is not a vaccine. Bacteria goes in to eat up degenerative tissue so you
can get rid of it to regenerate new tissue so you can have live cells instead of
dead cells or sick and decayed cells.

Q: So you are saying that polio went in to fight the bacteria?

No poliomyelitis is a virus and it goes in and feeds on tissue, only
degenerative tissue, nerve tissue. And if it cut something off to the brain, of
course you are going to be paralyzed but it will temporary as long as you are
eating raw meat. Or if you are a person who can not regenerate tissue from
cooked meat, you will not have paralysis. But if you attack it - attack the
body - then that degenerative tissue on which the polio myelitis was feeding
stays there and rots then you cut off the channel forever and you have permanent
paralysis.

Q: So you are saying you put more polio in?

No, all you do is do nothing to stop it from growing. Let it run its course.

Q: So nothing can regenerate tissue except fats and meats?

Well, fats do not regenerate tissue because in my experiments with people who
have cancer and degenerative diseases, they did not get younger, they did not
show signs of getting stronger other than the cleansing that was created. Only
60% of my clients with terminal cancers reversed on high fat diets without the
raw proteins. So that tells me that in a situation with cancer, fats are the
predominance of importance. When I added raw meats to it, 96-98% reversed. What
I found is that - in a case of cancer - cancer is the body’s inability to
discard dead cells. I found that in 90% of the cases that I looked at, that it
follows a break down of the liver. If you are eating cooked foods with garbage
fats with lipid peroxides you tax the liver. Day after day, year after year, you
tax the liver. Finally the liver says I got to take a break and it is usually
13-18 months. The liver may stop forming certain lipids to take care of
dissolving toxic tissue, dead cells. So then the dead cells will just start
collecting in the body. But where does it take them?. If they get innundated in
the tissues all over, evenly, what happens when that gets overloaded? …
especially when you are eating lots of cooked meat. If you are eating cooked
meat, you are putting dead cells of another animal in there. Your body can not
even take care of its own. How is it going to take care of foreign animal tissue
cooked on top of it? So what happens? It builds tumors in the system. Some
people do not go into reversal right away because we have to regenerate the
liver back to health to be able to make the lipids to break down the dead cells
to eliminate them. But the concentration is on fats. Then you say ‘wait a
minute’. The fats are the problem the liver is having – it is cooked fats
that the liver is having a problem with. Eat a little pineapple with your fats
and you will digest it. Your liver will have a fine time with it. Then over a
period of over 6-10 months it will reverse and then you will stop building
tumors.

I had a client that I addressed in my book that had 63 tumors in her body when
she came to me. She had a week to live according to the doctors. And she was
maybe 4 days away - when she knocked on my door - from that time limit. And she
was 35 years old at the time and white as your coat. The flesh hung like I have
seen people in their 80’s. And I told her that I could not help her. I have
never helped anyone in that condition before. It scared the hell out of me. She
said, “you got to. I have a 13 year old boy and a husband. I have a life to
live.” And I said okay you will have to eat raw meat. She said, “No. I am a
vegetarian. I have been a vegetarian for 14 years. I eat all the right
things.” If said, “if you were eating all the right things, then what are
you doing with 63 tumors?” She said, “I follow all the right protocols. I
eat all the right things.” “Then why are you here? Why do you have all this
cancer?” She thought it was her religious cross to bear because she was into
this Buddhist religion that said that the woman is the servant that serves the
man. So she had all this guilt and thought that was it. I said, “no your liver
is broken and you are eating shit food and you need to eat right. But if you are
not going to eat meat then there is no way I am going to help you anyway.” She
would not eat dairy foods. She would not eat eggs, she would not eat anything.
So I said, “I can not help you at all.” Then she said “okay, okay I will
eat dairy and anything else you say but I won’t eat meat and I won’t eat
eggs. That’s no chicken, no fish, no fowl, no lamb, no nothing.” I said
“listen, I will help you if I can but I do not think it is going to work. So I
had her eat 2 coconuts a day. Now she had been allergic to all foods when she
came to me. She was even allergic to water when she came to me. She had been
eating for 30 days only grapefruit juice. And the day before that she became
allergic to that and water. She could not eat anything without hives that would
just blister on her. It was horrible. I got the coconut out and avocado and some
cheese and some nuts. I said eat. And she said, “I am allergic to all of
those. I will break out in hives and I will have a terrible time.” I can not
help you if you will not at least experiment and explore it. She ate for 3 ½
hours without a bad reaction. She needed the fats, raw fats, so badly. It took
her 11 years to dissolve 63 tumors. She had 16 in her liver, 30 in her spine, 6
in her uterus the size of her fist and lots in her brain. They were all gone in
11 years. She is now a nutritionist, 53 years old and healthy as can be. She did
not have any medical therapy.

Q: Does she eat the raw meat?

Oh yes. It took her a year and 3 months. It was a very interesting incident; we
were in Kansas at the time. I helped nurse her because she was so ill. I was
just so fascinated with the whole episode that I nursed her through it. And I
had eaten the poison mushroom so she helped nurse me to a certain extent. I ate
a death cap mushroom - enough to kill 15 people my size and it nearly killed me.
It took me about 11 years to recover from it. We were in Kansas. I went to a
Mennonite butcher. They grow everything organic. I got a brain, some liver and
some beef for me. And I got a 7 lb. fillet mignon. I am eating away on the brain
and she starts getting this craving that is taking her over. I said okay, okay
go ahead. She ate 3 ½ lbs in 45 minutes of the fillet mignon. I am not
encouraging people to eat fillet mignon because the hunter tribes think that it
is dog food. Their folk lore was that fillet mignon creates weak tissue so they
give it to the dogs because it is so tender. So they go for the tough meats like
brisket, round, chuck. And in my experiments I was eating fillet mignon the
brain in all of that and I had muscle tissue but nothing like I have now until I
started eating muscle meats. Now this is what I have after no exercise in 20
years. And I keep solid muscle because I eat lots of muscle meats. Muscle meats
are chuck. You go for the tough stuff if you want hard, solid tissue. She ate 7
lbs in 24 hours. Exactly 10 days later she went into contractions like labor.
Every time she had contraction, blood shot out her uterus. I would say let me
take you to the hospital. She said no way was she going to let me take her to
the hospital. She got very psychic at that time. She felt very intuitional. She
said I am not going to a hospital. I perceive it will take me 3 hours to go
through this so let me be. Go get a bowl with a little water in it and a towel.
Ring it up. Put a piece of plastic under me. Put a towel under me. So I followed
her instructions. I mopped up in 3 hours 3 quarts of blood. You know how many
quarts of blood people have in them? 4-5 quarts. I am here just trying to keep
my cool. Thinking I am going to jail within any minute when this woman dies. You
know, in the same house with her, because I did not rush her to the hospital. I
would be negligent by anybody’s standards. Sure enough, 3 hours to the minute
her contractions stop. Then she said, “ I perceive you should take me into the
bath room, run a bath about 3 inches high and let me kneel in it.” I carried
her and put her in it. Then all of a sudden, one more contraction. The blood
spit and her squamous cell tumor spit right out of her uterus, right in the
tube. It was about this long. I picked it up and had a lab check it. She did
that 8 times in 6 years. Her body probably got rid of 50% of her tumors by
building them into the uterus and sending them out. Amazing. The body is
phenomenal. The body starts dissolving tumors everywhere else in her body,
depositing tumors there and then she would pass them out. And if she hadn’t
had that 7 lbs of meat, she could not have replaced that much blood. Her body
just came over her.

I do not know if I ever finished answering the insect thing. Some people do
very well with insects. I have such a problem eating insects. If I were starving
and had no meat I might eat insects.

Q: You were saying that liver gets too toxic and then goes on strike, goes into
a particular phase. Can you go on with that a little more? Also did I understand
you to say that tumors have a purpose of enclosing all these toxins so they will
not destroy you?

Dead cells. Collecting dead cells.

Q: Can you go over what the liver does again?

Let’s say you are exhausted. You are over worked. All of the sudden your body
collapses because you are exhausted. You can not work another minute. Now how
long does it collapse? Days, hours. Well, the liver never stops working like the
heart. So when it fatigues and goes down it may go down from anywhere from a
month all the way up to 18 months. It will literally stop anything but basil
lipid formation.

Q: It is rebuilding itself at this point?

It is working on getting rest and regenerating itself and it is not taking care
of extra hormonal but taking care of prostaglandin activities.

Q: So you need tumors to fill in for its function at that point?

No, the body uses lipids, certain kinds of fats to dissolve dead cells, and
remove them from the system. And if the liver can not make those lipids - those
solvents to break down those dead cells - the dead cells collect. The tumors are
the dead cells. You see your cancer cell per 50 cells around there is only 1
live cancer cell and that is like a hermit. He does not have to eat. He can stay
alive and stay in communication with the brain and the nervous system. A tumor
that is malignant will dissolve. A tumor that is fibroid, that is non-malignant,
will not dissolve easily. A malignant tumor you can dissolve easily. And I have
seen them dissolve in 30 days to 10-15 years. A fibroid tumor that is non
malignant is very difficult to dissolve and get rid of - so your cancer cells
are your friends, not your enemy. The problem is getting your liver back in
shape so they can get rid of the dead cells that are collecting in the body.

Q: How do you do it?

You have to feed good raw fats to that liver. Raw meat fat is the best. You get
sirloin fat and call the butcher and say when you trim all the fat away today
put it in a plastic bag. I am going to give it to my dog. Just don’t tell him
you are the dog.

Q: That would not be my question but how do you handle your family and friends
when you are eating this stuff?

Hey that is part of the social program you have to suffer through.

Q: My family thinks I am a nut.

It was 25 years that I did the things I did before my father said I am proud of
you. You are incredible. You do not age. You get younger. And all I am doing is
getting more feeble. I just do not know how you do it from where you have been.
And it was just within the last 8 years that my father acknowledged that. Hey,
you can not please people. You got to please you and your own health. The best
thing you could do is say you mentioned the tribes the Maasai and you mentioned
the Inuit - the Eskimos. Before white man came around they had no degenerative
diseases and they lived on raw meat. They had no cauldrons to cook with before
white man came. They ate 99 % raw meat. The Maasai - before the white man
introduced toxic foods to them - ate nothing but animal matter. No vegetables at
all - ever. No fruits at all - ever. They were the healthiest, strongest, most
athletic people in the world; now they are skinny and getting sick. They were
the tallest, strongest, fastest race there was. Let me also give you a story. My
father and mother retired to an island, Jekyll Island, Georgia. And on this
island all the in group had a party. Each couple would have a party for all the
other couples. There are only 8,000 residents and 90% of those were workers from
the hotels at the golf courses. It is the land of golf courses. The few
well-to-do couples had parties. There were 1-2 parties a month thrown by these
couples. I happened to be in town when my mother and father were throwing
theirs. And my mother invited me to the ball room for the banquet. And she said
what do you want. And I said what are you serving. She said roast beef and
fillet of sole. I said I would have the fillet of sole raw. My father slammed on
the brakes to the car and said you are not going to embarrass me. You are not
going to do that to me. I said, “ Dad this is 1981. I said people eat sashimi.
People eat sushi. It is okay.” He said, “you are not going to embarrass
me”. I said, “Dad it is my body. I know what feels good and what helps me. I
am not going to tell you what to eat if I invite you to my party. So please let
me have mine.” I am eating this and my father is mumbling under his breath.
And their priest that they had invited said, “oh you are having sashimi.”
Then others chimed in saying oh you are having sushi. And then my father just
relaxed. You just have to go through these things. It is part of people growing
into you if you are thinking about exploring this particular avenue towards
health. It is in a program that is out there especially with the bacteria and
parasitic phobia that is out there which has no basis what so ever. It is a
whole theory.

Q: What about children?

It is great. I have children born on it. I have a couple in Connecticut. They
have a 1 year old and 4 year old. They are both girls. The 4 year old has been
brought up on soda pop and all the regular garbage. The parents are now eating
the raw meat, the raw milk, everything. They can get it there. It is legal to
get the raw milk from a farmer. So they can go right to the farmer to get the
raw milk and the raw cream which they do. They make all this available. The 4
year old will drink the raw milk only and it took her a few days to get there.
The little one year old will go over to the refrigerator and you know what the
first thing she gets. She goes for the raw meat. She wakes up in the morning,
goes to the refrigerator and gets the raw meat. She will not eat the cooked
food. She instinctively will not eat any cooked food. If you put cooked and raw
food in front of her she instinctively go for the raw food. Some kids are just a
little too corrupted to do it easily But she will eat lots of raw eggs blended
with banana, the 4 year old. She loves those.

Q: Do you subscribe to the different metabolic chemistries and different blood
types? What they will do well with and what they won’t?

The D’Adamo method applies to cooked foods. You have different enzymes and
toxic reactions from that and their enzymes that bar the digestibility of red
meat. I have 40 clients that are Type A and any of them tried it. We
experimented. When any of them went off the red meat, they did not do well. So,
that may apply to cooked but not raw. I have not applied it to cooked so I do
not know. I can not say that his system works at all but it does not work with
raw.

Q: The diet you propose is much different than Issels and Gerson. What do you
think of them?

Issels and Gerson – a lot of people who have left the Gerson therapy and not
improved have gone to my diet and gotten well. I would say that Ms. Gerson is in
denial because of the last 17 people I have seen come out of the clinic, one of
them became my client and the other 16 are dead. Now Max Gerson knew that the
raw liver was an important factor. Raw glandular tissue reverses cancer quicker
than anything seen. And it does not have to be liver but liver is a great tissue
to eat to reverse cancer because it is 80-90% fat and hormone active.
Contreras… I really do not know much about Contreras’ stuff. From what I
understand it is mostly immunology. It is a chemistry lab again. I do not know
any survivors that have come to me from that. He may do okay but according to
Harden B. Jones research, professor Emeritus at Berkeley - of medical physics
and physiology of Berkeley. He said after all of my research with cancer that
people diagnosed with cancer who refused any treatments, any pretreatments that
the medical profession utilized lived an average of 12 ½ years. The people who
are diagnosed with cancer and had one or all three medical treatments
(chemotherapy, radiation, surgery) lived an average of 3 years. That means 76%
of your life gone because of medical therapies. And they tell you they are going
to extend your life. It is a lie according to Harden B. Jones. If you extend the
properties of that, if you leave cancer alone your chances of surviving are 76%.
That goes along with my research which shows to wait for the liver to kick back
in and it will go away. Those people who do not recover are people who are
alcoholics or have been into excessive drugs and destroyed their liver pretty
much permanently. It may not come back. So all these people taking credit for
people being alive because they have not gone for medical therapy but have gone
to the Gerson clinic or the Contreras clinic and say we are still alive because
of this therapy, I have to say no-no. According to Harden B. Jones, if you do
not do any of those therapies your chances of living 12 ½ years are pretty
good.

Q: Well these people may drop dead down the road?

… exactly.

Q: I have a friend who went to the Gerson and is healthy as a horse but his
comment to me was it is still there somewhere and it still may get me. And I
said you may try some meat. I was not thinking about your thing but more than a
vegetarian.

I waited a lot of years before I wrote the book and came out with it. I wanted
to make sure that mine extended beyond the norm. The doctors say that if you
live 5 years beyond the cancer day that you are cured. Bullshit. According to
Harden B. Jones, if you live beyond 12 ½ years you are cured. Well I am 31
years beyond the time I was supposed to be dead so I can say yes I have done it
pretty well. And I had just the multiple myeloma which is blood and bone cancer.
.01% survive up to 5 years. And here I am 31 years.

Q: I read that cancer tumors shrink in the presence of a fungus. Can you
explain that?

Fungus helps dissolve tissue. Fungus again is a property that helps decompose
stuff and it does not necessarily go to necessarily healthy tissue.

Q: So tumor cells are like degenerative tissue and the fungus goes and eats
that?

Most tumors are made of dead cells, degenerative or not. A mold will make them
degenerative which means they can leave the body. Most dead cells become
mummified. Scar tissue can not be broken down easily unless a mold is produced
or salmonella or some other bacteria that will go in and cause it to dissolve
and degenerate. But if you have a mummified cell it is hard in there. There are
not many things that will do it naturally. That is why I introduce molds. That
is why I introduce bacterias to make it quicker.

Q: As far as the meats that you consume, do you just take a meat grinder and
grind it?

…If you like; I do not suggest a meat grinder because most of them are made
out of pot lead. So take a Cuisinart or food processor, slice it up, put it in
there and chop it up that way.

Q: What kind of water do you drink?

I drink carbonated water, naturally carbonated like Gerolsteiner or Perrier.
The reason is that like hydrogen peroxide it will increase the oxygen level of
the blood.

Q: I get a headache. Why?

You must have a lot of salts that could be pulling out. If you go to the book,
look under headaches. If you put a little honey and a little lemon juice in
there, it will arrest the salts and it will take away the headache usually
within 10 minutes. What naturally carbonated means that in the well there is a
carbon or carbon dioxide that is just above the water level. What they do is run
a pipe out for the water and a pipe out for the gas and they shoot them both
together back in to the bottle. If it is chemically done they make a chemical
reaction with sodium carbide or some other chemical form and that causes on its
own without pulling salts out into your body, out from the body causing high
blood pressure.

Q: Where do you buy your meat?

I mostly buy NZ meat, because it is grass fed, from Whole Foods. It is not
frozen. And I still buy Coleman from Wild Oats.

Okay let me go down the line. Let me see your hands. If someone would like to
write these things down for each other it would be a good idea.

Okay relax your hands. Your sex glands are very overactive. Your adrenal glands
are very overactive. Your pancreas is overactive on one side and debilitated on
the other. You do no do well with sugars. I suggest that you do not have more
than 1 piece of fruit a day. Most of your glands are over active. It shows that
you produce RBC pretty well. You’re a person who would do pretty well on the
vegetarian diet however you have lots of glyco-toxins stored in the body. They
form in there and need to be gotten out. You need about 50% red meat for about 2
years and lots of chicken. Do not eat the skin. It has been dipped in boiling
water to get the feathers off. You might need a little cooked starch if you find
that you get temperamental or angry or impatient just because you have so many
hormones dumping into your blood at one time, it is difficult for you to relax.
You might have a little bit of cooked starch like half a baked potato with a
whole stick of raw unsalted butter and a piece of meat fat with it. Try to eat
soft nuts first like walnuts, pecans. If that does not work go for ½ of the
baked potato with lots of butter. I suggest 50% red meat and 50% white meat for
a couple of years. I would lean more toward the white meat after that - then
fluctuate with your own instincts. There is quite a bad condition in your liver.
Right now you have lots of bacteria throughout the liver. Encourage that but
give it lots of fat to help it out. So eat lots of meat fat. And if you have to
call the butcher to say put it aside for my dog then go do it. It would be very
helpful. Your RBC count is very good but your RBC are not transporting oxygen
well so I suggest that you drink about 1 cup of the sparkling water a day and
that will help that. Again limit fruits and eat as much raw milk as you like.
Your juice should consist of 60% celery, 20% parsley, and 10% carrot, and 10%
cucumber. If the cucumber is not organic, peel it.

Your sex glands are overactive and so are your adrenals. Your other glands are
underactive. Your parathyroid on the right side is overactive so that helps
balance for the low thyroid on both sides. The right thyroid is okay but not
very active and there is an infection in it right now. On the left side of your
body, the circulation is very poor. Did you take birth control pills?

Q: no.

Did you take anything to stop circulation?

Q: I took niacin to boost circulation.

The problem with niacin is that it is the byproduct of vitamin B3; it is
nicotinic acid. It is not really B3. It is used B3. It tells your body you have
plenty of B3. It gives you the niacin rush but however it degenerates the tissue
that relies upon B3. So you want to kick that back in if you can get some
non-chemically treated tobacco, chew a little bit of it. Also cantaloupe but
cantaloupe will have a sugar problem. You almost have a system like a diabetic
so you have massive sugar problems. I would say if you are going to eat a piece
of fruit it has to be with lots of fat – 3 times the amount of fat of the
fruit that you eat. I suggest that you eat mainly red meat and about 25% white
meat. You need lots of fish too. Out of the white meat the majority of it should
be fish for ¾ of a year. And then after that you can have more chicken. You
need some pineapple because you are missing some enzymes in the liver. So that
is the fruit you are going to eat whenever you eat the fruit, with lots of fat
and raw cream when you get it; try to have a lot of it. You need to gain about
15 lbs and then you will be stronger. It looks like you are going into massive
chronic fatigue. Your liver is not bad but it is just not getting what it needs.
You have been fat deficient for so long it is starving to death. It is not
diseased or deteriorating but just weak from not getting fed what it needs. So
that is not a problem. Now I am giving you what I can just from the glandular
system. The iris can tell me whether you have drugs stored in the body or
damaged tissue anywhere in the system. I am doing the best I can just from the
hands which is part of this one. I can help you better if you do a full
consultation. I am just doing what I can for the glandular system here.

Your pancreas is pretty active on the left side and the right side is pretty
degenerated. It is probably a total of 40% active. So you are not doing too well
with sugars and that includes cooked carbohydrates. You need to stay away from
cooked starches. Oh anybody who has all those overactive sex glands if you do
not have a partner enjoy yourself because if those hormones that build up it can
create a hormone that makes you irritable and anxious. If you release them with
orgasm they turn into endorphins and help you relax and feel better. Dr. Ellis
back in the 60’s discovered that in his chemistry labs. That is why he said
masturbate, masterbate, masturbate – get rid of most of the depression in the
world. I did not believe him then but I do believe him now. Okay all of your
glands are overactive from here up. So you are very mentally acute. You are
probably anal retentive because of that. It means you always have to reason
everything, always have to find explanations. Relax. Go out and enjoy some
nature. Your body part is trying to separate the two. You need to integrate your
mind and your sensuality. You’ve got them in conflict. Your RBC count is
pretty good. I would not say incredibly healthy because your glands are
overactive and they are not overactive because they are healthy overactive. You
have got a lot of fat storage in there and if you do not keep active, they are
going to solidify. It looks like conditions I see in M.S. So eat lots of fat.
You also need the enzymes in kiwis and pineapple. Eat those fats, especially raw
cream, help sooth those tissues get the toxic fat out. You need to eat a ½ to a
cup of olive oil a week with red meat to help clean out those glands. You also
need the other fats. If you really want to get well fast and reverse where you
are going toward you need to gain, even thought you are slightly overweight now,
you need to gain another 15 lbs. Not happy for you aesthetically for you but
screw aesthetics for your health. You will need to do that for probably 3 ½
years and then it will start coming off. Like I say, cycles. Put it on in 2 ½
months and talk it off in 2 ½ months. One way to take it off is to eat 1-2 eggs
blended with 5 oz of vegetable juice. The vegetable juice should be 80% celery
and 20 % parsley. 1-2 eggs depending on if you are a male or female or large
person. If you are a small person, eat one egg. If you want to lose more weight
then 1 egg. The next day eat only meat and water - as much meat as you like with
a sound mind and sound body. You need to put a hot water bottle on your tummy at
night, not too hot, but you got a lot of congestion in there and the circulation
is poor in your intestines and that will help put it back together. Watermelon
is also good for you in the summer.

Okay another person with very overactive sex glands and adrenals. Pancreas is
about completely shot. It is about 10% active. So you are also basically a
diabetic which means it screws up circulation. Your RBC count is okay in your
extremities only. In the rest of your body, the RBC do not seem to be able to
work properly. It looks like you have a lot of improperly constructed insulin in
your system. A good way to help remove that would be Jerusalem artichokes. Grate
them and eat them with a little olive oil and cheese and that will help chelate
them and break them down and move them.

Q; Cow’s cheese or goat’s cream?

Cow’s and the reason is that goats do not relax and they are not very calm
animals and I have found that in a situation like yours they had a tendency to
make people anxious. Not everybody, but why take the chance. If you want to take
the chance and experiment and explore go ahead but if you do make sure that some
objective party is doing the observing because diabetics do not have a rational
about what is really happening. Your liver is not in great shape so I suggest
that you eat pineapple also with fats. Eat mostly red meat - 60-70% red meat for
about 3 years - and then the rest chicken and fish, mainly fish. Then after
about 3 ½ years go in to chicken and cut down the beef to maybe 50%. You need
to eat about 5 sprigs of parsley every other day for about 3 weeks at a time.
And go into 5 month cycles. And also eat whole cucumbers. A little bit of
zucchini is also helpful. Milk early in the day might give you a little CSF and
give you difficulty getting your digestion going. So make sure it is after 1 pm
and have your milk then. Stick with juice in the morning. You can have a few
bits of cheese before you have your juice. And the juice I recommend for you is
80% celery, 10% parsley, 10% carrot juice.

Your parathyroid is active on the right side and on the left side. Your thyroid
looks fine.

Q: I am on thyroid medication.

Yes, but what I mean is that there is no degenerative tissue in there and they
are not inactive.

Q: But I am taking thyroid every day.

That means it will never work if you are taking supplements - never. Your
thyroid may have just gone into a lull just like the liver does sometimes…. It
may be toxic but they are not atrophying.

Q: Spider veins, varicose veins – is there anything you can do about that? I
have been taking tons of vitamin C.

Vitamin C is the worst thing you can do for it. It robs the blood of fat and
the calcium. It robs all the minerals. It is going to degenerate your tissues.
Vitamin c is one of the worst things you can do – psychologically,
emotionally, and physically, unless you are a fat person. And you are not a fat
person. So vitamin c is the worst thing you could be taking. If you want to kick
your thyroid in get some thyroid tissue. I had a thyroid problem since I was a
child. I go to a buffalo ranch and get a thyroid of a calf or something and I
will take the thyroid and cut it up into 3 parts. And I will blend it with milk
and it will taste like clam chowder. Put a little red onion in it and blend it
together. I only have to eat that once every 1 ½ years or every 2 years and it
takes care of me for that whole time. It only takes eating one whole thyroid
once every 1 ½ to 2 years. Q: What do you do for the spider veins because they
are continually breaking? I take the vitamin C and it slows down. When I go off
it more break. It is from a side effect of all the drugs I took.

What happens is it creates mutant yeasts and molds, antibiotics. And it
normally goes into the bone but if the bone is not strong then it could go into
the veins too. So they are constantly molding. They are deteriorating and they
break. The best way to get rid of that is eat lots of fat with meat. Eat lots of
chicken. The glands usually regenerate quickest with red meat. The skin, the
tissues throughout the entire body mainly regenerate with fowl best such as
chicken and turkey. The tissues throughout the system… except for dark
glandular tissue. And the blood is very important with red meat in most people;
in some people, not. But the white meat is the best thing you can do along with
fat.

Q: What about fish?

It is white. The fish I found is great for the nervous system. It mainly
rebuilds the constituents but not the myelin. Myelin is about 80-90% fat. So the
fish fat can aid in the myelin but the actual epidermis of all tissues is helped
by chicken the best.

Q: When you eat the chicken do you have to marinate it or do you buy it, wash
it and dig in with your knife and fork?

Whatever recipe you come up with, you can do it. You put lemon on it. You can
put lime on it. You can do with the Tahitians do when I was on the island of
Mo’orea which is right next to Tahiti; they had a recipe. They would take
coconut meat; they ring the fat out of it. They mix lime and coconut cream and
dice tomatoes and roll it all together with either chopped chicken or chopped
fish. It is so delicious. My girlfriend said, she was a neighbor, bought my
book, and she had chronic fatigue…. She said one thing I will never do is eat
raw chicken. I can not eat raw chicken. So I went by the next day and fed her
that meal. She said it was so good. What is in it. I said I was not telling her
until she finished eating it. And she has been eating raw chicken almost every
day ever since.

Q; But you have raw without doing other stuff?

Absolutely.

Q: Like the Japanese marinate the fish to avoid tape worms or something like
that. Do you believe in that?

No. They do it because it will digest faster not because it gets rid of the
worms.

Q: So you do not get tape worms or parasites from eating it raw?

Tape worms live in individuals who mainly eat grains only, third world
countries and they are not fed any proteins. Parasites are there feeding on
carbohydrates, all those AGE products that would melt their body. If they did
not have those tape worms in there they would be in worse shape than they
already are.

Your glands are overactive - your sex glands. Your thyroid glands are normal.
Your pancreas is almost inactive. So stay away from fruit and carbohydrates,
even carrot juice unless it is in very small amounts. Eat lots of red meat –
about 70% red meat, 30% white – fish, chicken evenly. You can lean more on the
chicken if you want. The chicken really makes the skin wonderful. You have some
really severe intestinal problems… It is still leaking, it is still bleeding.
You need to get cabbage, juice it, and drink a cup of cabbage juice a day. 4 oz
at a time break it up. Be sure to put it in 4 oz jelly jars when you juice it
and cap it. It is really 5 oz that fit in it. So you can put a little unheated
honey in if you want it and it will preserve. It won’t oxidize. You need 8 oz
a day to stop that because you are having leaking in your gut. That could cause
peritonitis and all kind of serious problems. Lots of chicken but you also need
the red meat. You really need to stay away from fruit. You could have carrot
juice as long as it is no more than 2 oz at a time with cheese or raw cream or
avocado or something like that. You have great recuperative ability once you get
the raw meats into your system. That will heal very quickly. You just need to
stop the bleeding. Use the green cabbage not the red cabbage. And you need to be
creative – do something more creative, something as an artist or something
like that for your own relaxation. It looks like your ulcer in your stomach came
about because of tension. You’re burning up your b-vitamins and your proteins
and you are not eating enough to supplement it. Lots of meat and you will feel
more relaxed and then you can do something creative. Drink lots of milk too.

Q: Really overactive sex glands and adrenals…

The right side of the pancreas is starting to debilitate. It is edemic and
swollen. The left side is mostly degenerative. All of your glands are very
active except for the pancreas. RBC is okay. I would say 60% red meat and 40%
white meat, mainly chicken and some fish. Your body looks like it is storing its
dead cells in the skin which is a good place for it. It won’t cause much
damage in the skin. I suggest that you have ½ - 1 cup of olive oil a week with
either chicken or fish. You could have half a cup with chicken and half a cup
with fish. And help get rid of, break some of that storage in the tissues and
skin down. You could use 1 pineapple about every 10 days. But do not eat it all
at one time. About a ½ “ circular slice every day. You can cut it circularly
and put it flat on a plate and that will seal itself so you can keep it for
quite a while. You can keep it in a refrigerator too if you like on the plate.
You have a little bit of a mineral problem. So I suggest that you eat a lot of
raw unsalted cheeses with equal amounts of raw unsalted butter. You should try
work up to eat about 2 lbs. of meat a day because you are just not regenerating
tissue very well. And this will help regenerate tissue and reverse the ageing
process.

Q: And the pancreas too?

It looks like there is something in the left side of the pancreas which is
causing a block. And there is some kind of toxicity in there. So I doubt that
left side will clean out. But you do not need it. The right side is pretty
strong even though it is a little inflamed and edemic. Just do not eat much
fruit. 1 piece a day is fine.

Your whole uterine area is drying up. You are not breaking down fats properly
to lubricating yourself properly in that area. Every where else it is fine but
not there. So that tells me you are storing salts or some kind of chemical down
there. Are you taking any medication that might be causing that?

Q: Synthyroid for thyroid and general depression and Zolo.

The zolo will be causing that. Lots of raw meats will help reverse that.

Q: What do you recommend for mild lesions? I have had a few fever blisters and
mild acne.

That is usually toxicity coming out of the tissues like the byproducts of your
hormone supplements. And there is no way you can get around that without eating
lots of raw eggs, tons of raw eggs - maybe 6-10 a day. Your sex glands are just
drying out. So eat lots of eggs and raw fats. Anywhere from 80-90% of your
depression will go away as long as you are eating meats.

Q: Is that for everybody?

That is for most people. There are some cases with CFS that are not as high as
that. Maybe 60%.

===

WS_PA_1999_01_24
