?
title=Q&A Of May 21, 2000 (Rare)

# Q&A Of May 21, 2000 (Rare)

@[Source](https://www.primaldiet.net/aajonus-may-21-2000-qa-a-transcript-from-aajonus-computer/)

Q&A Raw Potluck

Note: this transcript was located on Aajonus' computer. Only the first half of
the Q&A was recorded and transcribed. There is valuable info here.

Q: Nuts

A: All nuts have enzyme suppressants in them. If you eat them by themselves, it
will prevent you from digesting proteins. It could also make you depressed or
sluggish; it manifests differently for each person. That is why I always suggest
you blend them to a powder, mix in an egg or some kind of fat – cream, peanut
oil, coconut butter, butter...

...4 oz of nuts (either pine nuts, walnuts, pecans halves – any combination)
and 3 oz of your given choice of fat, 1 egg, 1-2 tsp of honey (depending on how
sweet you like it) and blend that. That way the butter and the honey will
convert the enzyme suppressant into an enzyme active ingredient.

Q: Is there an advantage to taking walnuts and nuts?

A: Yes. There are a lot of people who take drugs over the years (aspirin,
thyroxin) and that dumps into the body. The body requires a high protein starch
to absorb it. The little bit that is in the juices you get will have a little
bit but when your body craves a potato, bread, popcorn – then you need the nut
butter.

Q: What is the purpose of the nut drink?

A: For most people, it is to chelate with excess hormones or toxic hormones
improperly stored in the body and any drugs that may have stored in the body and
are coming out of the system. It arrests them and the fat binds with that and
usually will get broken down in the lymph and discarded out the bowels or the
skin.

As I said, the body discards in any way it can, because we are so toxic... of
course we have the bowel, the skin, the sinuses, they eyes, the ear ducts, and
of course the urinary tract, and of course women also have the vaginal cavity
which is constantly throwing off mucus. That is my theory of why women live
longer than men – because they have one more constant discharge to discharge
poisons. Pain formula:

* 2 eggs
* 5 level tbsp bee pollen
* 1 tsp – 1 tbsp honey
* 1 tsp lemon / lime
* 3-4 oz co cream, raw cream, or butter
¼ to ½ brick of cheese – cheddar is more potent – can eliminate all pain
in about 40 min. Take it all at once.

If nerves are involved, cream is a little better

If the pain is in the joints, knees, elbows – coconut cream is better, or
butter; it gets to deep tissue. These fats soothe the tissues

Oil will not work; it dries out the tissues.

90% of oils are made into solvents and that is for detoxification to break down
fats, congestion and degenerative tissue. It is a drying compound. Pressed oils
do not lubricate the body. The byproduct of it is almost identical to turpentine
and it is just as toxic, so it can create low grade nausea and sometimes a
little depression. It destroys virus and bacteria and they are the quick way to
get ride of toxicity. So eating rotten meats …

Peanut oil seems to work with the glands a little bit better including sexual.
The Africans use it as an aphrodisiac. If you have it in your nut mix, it will
stimulate your sexuality eventually if you have enough of it. 2 times a week
will stimulate that.

The olive oil is more scar tissue oriented and helps dissolve it.

The flax oil (very unstable) is more related to the intestines and glands

You should always have the oils with other meats – you can have a solvent in
there but if you do not have a good fat along with it, it will cause you to be
irritable, dry or have flaky skin. It is better to have it with milk afterwards.
I enjoy the nut mixes with chicken and turkey, sometimes with meat – not so
much with fish.

If you have too much of the nut butter mix, it will affect your taste for meat.
and fruit will do the same. It is good to rotate your oils. That way, the olive
oil will not be concentrated with meat all the time. If you are having the olive
oil only with the red meat it will constantly go in and clean out your liver and
muscle tissue and heart – and the heart and muscles need a break - so spread
it out. Fish will be oriented towards nervous system. With fowl, it will
connected with connective tissue, lymph, organs and neurological tissues. Rotten
meat

I started doing this in the late 70’s to break down the compounds of cooked
foods. When you cook foods, you destroy the vitamins, minerals enzymes, bacteria
– everything that is in the food. So its natural elements in it - all of the
nutrient in it which will help dissolve the compound when it has had its life -
are what is missing. First, I started doing this with grains (molding grains to
break down the rice crispies). Beneficial effects of rotten meat – When you
rot the meat, it creates virus and bacteria – the more bacteria the body has
the less strenuous the body has to work. The body does not have to make
solvents, it does not have to make the turpentine byproduct – which is highly
toxic – if bacteria and virus are feeding on the degenerative tissue. It works
2 ½ times faster than your body uses a solvent and it is less than half as
toxic. Then of course there are parasites. The only way you can get them is
infusing them into the bowels. I tried eating them. I have not been able to take
in my body. Parasites work quickest to break down degenerative tissue and work 5
times faster than your body can use a solvent. The only danger with parasites is
when they are on a diet that does not regenerate cells, they will not be able to
keep up with the rate the body keeps up with the degenerative tissue. And it
will cause some kind of gut exchange – peritonitis and death. I have never
seen that happen with anyone on a raw diet eating raw meat even if they are
eating 60% raw. Let it rot for 3 weeks. Take an 8 oz jelly jar and fill it with
only a 1/3 meat and every 3-4 days take it outside, open it let it get some air,
then put it back in the fridge. After 3 weeks you can start eating it. You can
have a marble size amount once a week. It helps get ride of the cancer quicker.
The vero toxins are very important that produce E coli for shrinking tumors and
reversing cancer. The best place to find E coli is from the bowels. Fruit will
destroy the bacteria. Some people eat fecal matter. The Eskimos did it. They are
one of the happiest cultures there is. Edward Howell – experiments with rats
– rats who ate cooked food lived equally as long as those who ate raw food
because they eat their feces. When Howell put a screen to prevent them from
eating their fecal mater, they lived only 2 years compared to those who ate all
raw who lived 3 years. I cut 1/3 of their life off. Eating their fecal matter
gave them enzymes and bacteria which allowed them to live as long even though
they ate cooked food.

Q: Do you expect any reaction after eating the rotten meat, like you are going
to throw a sick party?

A: Most people get high, it gives them a boost – I have one of my clients who
has been a client for eight, almost nine years. She is a 58 year old woman
raising a child all her own from the time he was born. He is 12 now. She got on
the diet because a 1 year and ½ after having him she developed chronic fatigue
and couldn’t take care of him. She was bed ridden and couldn’t work anymore. She
is an executive for ABC films. She has been on the diet for a long time and does
about 90%. She is one of those executives who pleases people and will eat what
the other people are eating when she goes to these high powered meetings. So she
is about 90% or 85%. It causes her depression sometimes when she is flying a
lot… going from Europe constantly. It is a lot or radiation exposure, even
though it is natural radiation. It lowers the bacteria and virus levels in the
body and will cause depression. She was getting depressed and fatigued. So the
only way she was going to be able to resolve it - and I have never talked with
her about rotten meat before because she was not in that space - so I said 'I am
going to have to give you some information that you will not like, but it is the
only resolution I can give you for your problem. If you won’t try it, that is up
to you. There is nothing I can do about it. It is the only thing I can suggest'.
So I suggested rotten meat and she hung up on me. She calls back in about 20
minutes and says 'so how do I do this rotten meat?' I said 'it takes at least
three weeks and for you it will take about 3-6 months'. She said, 'I can’t wait
that long'. I said 'well, I have lots in my refrigerator' and that I would send
a jar over for her. So it was delivered. I get this message on my machine later
“I just wanted someone to talk to. I just ate that rotten meat and I am feeling
a little high and a little happy and I am nervous about what is going to happen.
I just want someone to talk to. So call!” Only rarely has someone has had a
little diarrhea from eating the rotten meat. But I can not tell if has to do
with the ripe, aged meat or it was just something they were going into. The rate
at which people have diarrhea has not changed from the people that eat the high
meat. Some people need to really have it aged to handle of the amount of
radiation – flying over Europe is a 14 hour trip. Put the meat into a jar that
is 2/3 larger than the amount of meat so there is a lot of air. Take it out
twice a week open it up, close it and put it back in the fridge and keep it for
three weeks. You are only eating a marble sized amount once a week.

Q: When using the rotten meat which meat should you use?

A: Use them all. I have fish liver, buffalo liver, buffalo lung, and some steak,
etc.

When you are gaining the weight, your body is detoxing. When I put you on a
detox diet, that is me detoxing the fat that is already detoxing the toxins out
of you. So there is the body detox and the Aajonus detox.

Q: Vegetable wash?

A: Somebody asked when you can not always get organics, the washes and the
peroxides or Clorox that is used to wash them. All of those things have
chemicals. Someone is selling you on killing things. You want to get rid of the
chemicals – you do not want to put more chemicals on them. To get rid of the
chemicals on your vegetables that you may not want on them, just use water and a
little vinegar or water and a little lemon and lime juice.

Q: You do not want us to use a Reverse Osmosis filter do you?

A: If you are just using it to wash vegetables that is fine. Because then you
want thirsty hungry water that is going to pull those metals.

Q: How long do you leave it in that solution?

A: 3-5 minutes.

Q: Recipe with Glands?

A: Clabbered milk equal portion of glands and 1-2 tablespoons of a salsa Salsa –
5 cherries tomatoes, 1” of red onion, fine sliver of garlic, ¼ tsp honey, 1
tsp of lemon or vinegar, 1 jalapeno pepper ( a few slices) After blending all
together – use a tablespoon or 2 with the clabbered milk and the glands.

Q: Parasites –

A: If someone tells you you have parasites, you celebrate and have a party.
Parasites will clean out the dead tissue in your body faster than anything
else - 5 times faster than your body can do it. Most people on this diet have no
side effects from parasites. Only people who lots of carbohydrates have problems
with parasites.

Q: Could it be harmful if you were not on a full raw diet?

A: It could be. 90% of the time you will find people who eat cereals and
carbohydrates with tapeworms. Tapeworms eat carbohydrates. So you have to
understand that if you have a carbohydrate in your body 70-90 % of it - once it
is converted into glycogen (that is if it is raw) - will be converted into
advanced glycation end product (AGE) glyco toxin which will store in the body.
If you are a 90 % starch eater, you are going to have a great environment for
tapeworm.

A: Acidophilus is not natural; it is like a hybrid.

If you allow the milk to settle naturally, clabber naturally, the bacteria is
fresh, present, it is within an ecological system and it will make the best
bacterial supplement for your body [for those of you] who have chronic
constipation. Take the clabbered milk, put it in an enema syringe, get down on
all fours, insert it, roll your belly 2 –5 minutes, role on your right side
and repeat, and let it permeate your intestines.

Most of the time, when you have constipation, it is because the bacteria can
not feed on the toxicity in the fecal mater; it is poisonous so they do not feed
on it. If they do not have something to feed on, they are going to die anyway.
So what happens is that you have little colonies of E. coli and they does not
sponge out the fecal matter. Just remember that 60-80% of fecal mater is
bacteria created. Normal fecal mater that your body discards, if it did not have
the E coli and other bacteria would be the size of marbles, the texture of
granite, and it would rip your rectum every time you move. You would bleed. If
you have the E. coli and other bacteria to feed on that fecal matter, it sponges
it out. The body by- products of the vero toxins, which are cancer preventive
and cancer reversing, you the B vitamins which are septicides and you have the
amino acids which are synthesized and that is the back up for your immune
system, lymph system. [This is the text of the partial transcript; I don't know
exactly what was meant here – Jim]. If you do not have those you will have
constipation. So if you put that clabbered milk in there, you are giving those
E. coli bacteria something to feed on and thrive on. So even though it is not
feeding on the toxic fecal mater it is sponging out enough on the clabbered milk
so it can push the toxic stuff through and out.

Q: So even with the high level of toxicity a lot of us have, would eating the
fecal mater be a negative at this point?

A: It could be. If you are on a healing cycle, it is fine. If you are already
constipated it will do you no good.

Children are much sicker these days – because of the hi amount of processed
foods.

Q: Mr. Boswell Story – the constipated cat

A: You do not need fiber. Fecal mater comes from bacteria. J. Stewart sharing
on constipation. Most people have the idea that they need to have a BM each day
and some do because the fecal mater is so toxic that it can cause an irritation
to the intestinal wall. I have had only 4 people out of a hundred with that
problem.

Gland tissue - If the body is using the glandular tissues to replace your toxic
glandular tissue, then yes (it will clean you out more) and more most people can
not replace glandular tissue because they do not have the nutrients to reproduce
it. So that is why I suggest eating glandular tissue when ever you can.

I think I have told this story now twice before that I was taking armour
thyroxin T3 & T every day to have not hypothyroid systems – to either delay
them or get rid of them. When I started taking the freeze dried glandulars, I
stopped having the side effects, which was nice, but I was still having to take
the freeze dried thyroid tissue regularly. When I began having the fresh glands
from the animals I went three months before I had any hypothyroid systems. The
next time it was 6-9 months. The next time it was a year and a half. The next
time it was 3 years. So by eating the glands, it allows - somehow - the body to
regenerate its own glands. This is the only way I have ever seen. Usually people
will build their glands very gradually over 40 year period. If you eat the
glandular tissues whenever it is available it will help you have more energy and
bring your body back to life quicker. Eating when it comes in to replace it. Let
some of it rot.

Any vegetable is best juiced. Cilantro can get rid of aluminum, mercury, and
radio active minerals but never do a lot of those herbs because it will put you
into a heavy detox.

Celery, parsley – you can have a lot of those and it will never cause any
extreme effect.

Q: Gaining weight: when it is time to gain weight ?

A: If you eat foods alone, nothing is going to be slow in digestion. It will be
easily assimilated and you will not put on weight. So when you are on the weight
gaining cycle it is good to mix your milk, eggs, butter with the meat, etc. All
that fat will help to chelate with those toxins out of the rooted tissues where
they have been stored for years and then you take it off.

Q: AGE [advanced glycation endproducts]

A: Your body takes a carbohydrate, whether it is a starch or fruit – not
mater what it is – it then converts it glycogen – which is a storable sugar
that the body can call out later. Usually the pancreas calls it out. It can be
stored anywhere in the tissue. When the body calls it out the body utilizes it
to produce energy (whether mental, physical, or emotional). The byproduct is
called AGE – Advanced Glycation End product or glyco-toxin. Once it has been
utilized as glycogen - it is like the fumes coming out of a cars exhaust after
it has been burned – that is the byproduct.

In a healthy body, it stores at a rate of 70-90%. When you cook a carbohydrate
of any kind the body identifies it as already having been used as glycogen or a
sugar so, instead of turning it from a carbohydrate to a glycogen, it will turn
it right from a carbohydrate to a glyco-toxin. It says “oh I have already
burned you so I am going to store you so I am going to put you aside as a toxin
– as an AGE product”. That causes allergies for people who do not produce
mucus in the bronchioles, lungs or throat. It stores it immediately because it
has already been processed by cooking it.

People who have allergies do not form proper mucus to protect their mucus
membranes so if a sugar, a byproduct of a sugar, acid touches that membrane it
is going to irritate it because the mucus is not protecting it and it is going
to irritate the skin as if you were to take an acid and drop it on your skin; it
will irritate it. That is what happens with an asthmatic or a person who has
allergies. Dander is the same thing. Someone has allergies to cat dander like
Lori - she would walk into a house and her eyes would turn black in about 5
hours; she would then be laid up for 4-5 days. If you breathe in that dander,
you do not have the proper mucus to protect your mucus membranes so that foreign
protein gets into your skin and is absorbed. So foreign protein in your body
sends all these mutant, sends all these antibodies to try to break it down. It
causes a tremendous allergic reaction where the byproducts will try to go into
the eyes, absorbed into the sinuses, into the mucus membranes, into the salivary
glands, everywhere – that is why it causes all the swelling…

The eggs and milk act together as the best [way of] mucus forming, because you
can make lots of mucus. But it would have a short fiber.

There are two things that can happen. A woman who is trying to get pregnant
never gets pregnant, she will never carry a fetus because the fibers are too
short – the same thing happens – it is screen and mesh, then nothing can
penetrate. But if it is fluid, it can go right in there. It can cause an
allergy, an irritation, so by having the milk and eggs together it gives the
body the perfect combination of nutrients to produce mucus. But because it is
not cooked, it will not produce mucus just to get rid of itself. It will only
produce mucus to get ride of toxicity that is stored in the tissues and to help
protect the tissues. It will pull the stored toxicity into the mucus.

A person who has allergies has a lot of scar tissue from toxins in areas of the
face. When they start dumping, they can dump right into the mucus membranes;
that is what a cold or a flu is. So what happens is, when you have a cold or a
flu, that is why you put out so much mucus - because it is going out through the
mucus membranes. If you have to produce a lot of mucus because if it is passing
through and you do not have that mucus there, it could damage the mucus
membranes; they will scar and it won’t work at all.

If you did not have mucus, you could not have enjoyable sex; there are lots of
people who do not have enjoyable sex because they have no mucus.

Q: Honey butter combination

The butter is mainly a fat that is so easily utilized and broken down in the
body, rapidly. It can get into the tissues and protect you very quickly. It is
there to bind with the toxins; it is there to lubricate the system; it is there
to give you energy and will do all three. It does not sooth the nerve tissue as
much. Cream is better for that. Butter can be utilized in 3 hours. Cream in 6-8
hours

The honey provides the body with enzymes to search out proteins to be able to
utilize the fats properly, either as a lubricant for protection or as fuel for
energy or as detoxifier as a solvent. It delivers it and makes it available
instantly and there is is about 10% sugar in the unheated honey so it gives it
that proportion that is necessary to make a slight bit of alcohol to utilize the
fat as a fuel or solvent. The only time I recommend 50- 50 is in an emergency
situation otherwise I recommend it 1honey to 4 or 5 parts butter

Q: Mushrooms?

A: Mushrooms are the fruit of mycelium; it helps break down toxic connective
tissue. Lets say you have capillaries, all kinds of connections circulating
through your system where there is blood, lymphatic. You have all these places
to circulate lymph blocked and neurological information and fluids. If these get
jammed and locked up, the mushrooms produce a substance that breaks those down
readily. That is what they do in the ground and what they do to roots.

Q: Should we eat mushrooms an a regular basis if on the raw diet?

A: That all depends. If you want at heavy detox, then go ahead. If you eat it
with the meat, it will help you digest the meat. It will help break it down. But
if you eat a lot of it, it will cause a heavy circulatory detoxification which
may not be bad. Shitake will do it. They are highly genetically bred.

Q: What about kombucha tea?

A: It is all garbage – you have to cook it to make it. It is not a real
mushroom.

Salmon is a very heavy oil, one of the hardest to break down. He had some milk
with it and some onion. Then you have a gaseous reaction. His liver started
detoxing and it couldn’t handle that combination. Vitamin A in Salmon is
difficult to digest. If you have a lot of salmon you do not want to drink a lot
of milk.

For some people, I will recommend that they eat liver and eggs but Daniel was
chronically fatigued and has lots of bile stored throughout his system. Liver is
a gland that is 60-80 % fat already. Then he puts an egg with it with lots of
fat. Then what happens? Too much oil in the liver, so the liver has to reject
some of the oil that the liver has stored in it - so what kind of oil do you
think it is going to reject? Bile!
