?
title=Q&A Of February 1, 2004

# Q&A Of February 1, 2004

@[Source](https://www.primaldiet.net/aajonus-qa-2004-02-01/)

A: Okay, so let's go ahead and get started. Alright, we'll start with Jim over
here. Okay, question.

Q: This is regarding building bacteria in the intestines. Like what is friendly
for that and what is harmful or cuts it out, you know what I mean? I'm taking
high meat some and trying to establish bacterial growth there. But what is bad
for it and what other things are good for it?

A: Well, if you wash the high meat down with milk, the lactic acid will destroy
a lot of the bacteria so that won't work. Also, honey eaten with high meat will
destroy it. So you need to wait about fifteen minutes after you eat the high
meat before you have anything else, except for water. Water doesn't seem to
destroy the bacteria.

Q: Okay.

A: You can rinse your mouth out with lemon or lime juice if you want, to get
rid of the taste, and the odor if you have any odor.

Q: Any other foods that are good for it or not good for it?

A: Fecal matter is always great because fecal matter has the E coli directly to
get the bowels going properly. If it's the small intestine, the high meat's a
little bit better. If it's your bowels that's the problem, then, uh, E
coli...eating E coli, the fecal matter, is best.

Q: Alright.

A: Okay.

Q: Can I do a take on that?

A: Uh huh.

Q: What would the maximum amount of, a combination, of fecal matter and high
meat be for a healthy person on the diet?

A: If you want to build the E coli to make sure it gets all the way down to the
bowels, to make sure as much as possible gets down, it's good to eat a little
high meat first and then eat some fecal matter after that. And what you could do
is, I suggest, I see people eat a tremendous amount of - like, four ounces - of
high meat with two ounces of fecal matter, including the bowel with it, the
bowel tissue. And it's never caused a problem. And when people have done that,
they've only had to do it one time, eat that much one time, to relieve chronic
constipation that's been carried on all their life. And it will work, and it's
worked for us to eat lots at a time, just one eating. Okay, do you have a
question?

Q: Yes. Chronic athlete's feet or fungus, right? … over, a lifetime, right?
How would you address that?

A: Well there's no way you can stop it because that mold eats... The body flows
this way and a lot of the heavy metals go to the bottom of the body and the
feet. Since everything is constricted and we wear shoes, and we keep air off of
it, it has a tendency to cause the tissue in the foot to detoxify via molds. So
the only way to address that is to give it more air, to make sure you wear
sandals, something like that just to give it more air. Uh, you could also use
the primal facial body care cream directly on the feet and that'll stop the
itching. It won't stop the mold, but it'll stop the damage done as the
decomposing byproducts from the mold are passed through the skin that causes the
dryness and the flaking of the skin tissue. So it will mitigate the symptoms,
the agony of the itching, and the burning and the soreness, but it won't stop
the mold. You just can't stop it unless you take something like an antibiotic.
And then you're basically making your feet move toward a serious disease.

Q: Okay, thank you.

A: The disease that could be created by stopping the mold from growing in the
feet is osteoporosis because if they get into the bones and grow where they
normally - they usually are in the skin and then they go to the joints and the
cartilage - and if they pass into the bone it'll cause osteoporosis. And also
cause rheumatoid arthritis, overgrowth of tissues, spurs...

Q: Okay.

A: So it's good to have the mold. It's just that you need to relieve the
symptoms and stop eating the things that cause all the kind of deterioration in
the body – that promotes that.

Q: Sorry, you're saying that the mold or the antibiotics cause the rheumatoid
arthritis and the joint problems?

A: Both will cause it. But the mold won't cause it, the mold prevents it.

Q: Okay.

A: Trying to prevent. But somebody that keeps eating a bad diet, you know the
worst diet there is, then of course it'll just get worse.

Q: Mine went away when I stopped using soap. It was like, right after, like
within a week.

A: Some people, just from eating, they're allergic to soaps. So when they put
soap on their skin it damages the skin and then molds are there to break down
the cells. So, you just had to stop using soap. Stop breaking down the skin,
under... the second and third layer of skin deep… because if the soap gets in
there and damages then it will break it down.

Q: Okay.

A: Do you have a question?

Q: Yeah, I'd like to ask about muscle tone. How does one prevent from losing
muscle tone without having to work out all that much and maintain skin
elasticity?

A: Well, that's a matter of eating enough raw meat long enough. It usually
takes somebody six years on the diet to get rid of all the toxic connective
tissue that's involved in supplying it. The lymph system feeds every system in
the body except the blood cells, red and white. So if the lymph system is
circulating properly it can get the nutrients into the connective tissue and
into the muscles. So the lymph system feeds everything, and it also pulls out
all the byproducts and waste products. So if the lymph system isn't functioning
properly you'll store a lot of garbage in the connective tissue and in the
lymph. And then everything cannot be fed properly. And it usually takes six
years, six and a half years on the diet, depending on your age, to get to that
point. I haven't worked out now in twenty five, twenty six years, and I’m
solid everywhere. I walk maybe once a month, a couple miles.

Q: Okay. But isn't it recommended that one exercise?

A: It depends upon the individual. If you have overactive hormones and you have
a high hormone level you have to exercise or else you'll not be a nice person. I
have no overactive hormones. I used to have very overactive sex glands. Those
are the only ones that were ever overactive so I used to just masturbate; so my
wrist action was good, that was it. So that's all the exercise I had to do. But
that's mellowed out, thank god.

Q: Yeah, recently I've started having, like, more painful detoxes. And I was
just talking a little bit with Kathy and she was saying you said something
about, when you get the pain on this side it's really coming from over here, so
is it kind of interesting just finding out the mechanics of what goes on when
you're detoxing, what causes the different symptoms and stuff?

A: Well, the transfers from one side to the other usually only happens in the
spinal cord. And directly at the spinal cord. But otherwise that doesn't usually
happen. Sometimes in appendicitis you'll have the pain over here and the
appendix is really over here. Those are about the only two circumstances where
the pain is transferred from one side to the other. The brain can also do that
but that's part of the nervous system.

Q: So if I, if I get, like I had a very sharp pain the shoulder. So is that
something's detoxing from the shoulder?

A: Absolutely. You have to understand we get our injections, you know, in
these, in the arms up here. And most of that toxicity goes into the joint. And
usually during the late fall and the winter is the time for those joints to
detoxify. Usually by the time May comes around it'll stop.

Q: Okay. I just had, with the neck it was really...I was flat on my back for
two days. So does that start in the neck too?

A: Well, you have a lot of toxins stored in the neck. Everybody does. Heavy
metals and others. The brain has the most toxins, the lethal toxins, of any part
of the body. The brain works off of metallic minerals. Metals as well. So there
are heavy metals when you're eating cooked foods and when you're breathing in
pollution. Most of that is concentrated in the brain and the lymph glands in
your neck and throat and your sinuses are where the brain detoxifies. So if it
has to transfer down to the brain stem to these lymph glands here, you're going
to have a lot of pain in the neck. So it doesn't necessarily have to be directly
in the neck but it'll pass through the neck and cause the same kind of pain as
if it were in the neck. Sometimes if it's in the neck then you'll also get an
inflamed skin and maybe some rash as it detoxes. Usually it will follow the pain
if it's in the brain stem, the glands will swell in the throat and you'll start
discharging mucus in the throat and sometimes in the sinuses.

Q: What is the best diet to heal liver damage?

A: That depends upon what's in the liver and what's caused the damage.

Q: If it's cytomegalovirus that's no longer active...

A: A virus is never the problem. A virus is a solvent; the body makes virus.
Virus are not alive, they're just a soap. So that goes in to dissolve toxicity.
So if you had a virus, all of your hepatitis virus - all of them - are made
within the liver or some other part of the body to dissolve dead cells in the
liver to get rid of the damaged liver tissue so you can rebuild the liver and
help it. So any of the hepatitis's, and the retroviruses, mega viruses, are your
last ditch effort to save a very toxic liver.

Q: So it wouldn't happen if the liver weren't toxic to begin with?

A: Correct. Absolutely.

Q: Anything in particular to eat?

A: Like I said in the book when I had the poison mushroom that destroyed the
liver, butter. Cream is a little too hard on the liver because it has to take
the cream and make it into butter. It has to separate it; it has to use lots of
enzymes to separate the whey and make it into butter. So if it's already in
butter form, the liver doesn't have to work as hard. And you have to push it.
Like I forced myself to eat at least a pound and a half of butter a day after
the poison mushroom because I knew the liver would not work unless I forced it
to work.

Q: I'm hoping that you could talk a bit about worry circles and exercise and
the kind of exercise and...yeah.

A: Well, in the iris, if you see bands that go around the eye, you know, if you
see the muscle, the muscles in the irises they have breaks in it. Little spaced
areas where it looks like there are arches, arcs, or complete circles. I call
those worry circles. Most iridologist’s call them stress rings. I don't like
to call them stress rings because most people think they have no power over
stress. But what they mean is you produce a lot of hormones. The more worry
circles, the more hormones you produce and the more physically oriented you are
as a birthright, that's genetically. They don't change. They never change. So
athletes typically have six to ten worry circles. So they have to exercise five
to ten hours a day, minimum. People who have three worry circles need to
exercise about an hour, an hour a half a day. If you have up to five, six worry
circles, anywhere from two to three hours a day. If you're fortunate like me…
if you want to be somebody who's a writer and stuff like that, then no worry
circles is preferable, which is what I have. But if you do have worry circles
you do need to exercise. If you have only one worry circle; about half an hour
to forty five minutes a day. So if you can look in your eyes and you can see
that, then you can tell and you can't count them. But, when people come to me
for a reading I tell them if they need to exercise and how much time they need
to exercise.

Q: And are there particular kinds of exercise you'd recommend, or just anything
from walking to biking to yoga?

A: If the worry circles are complete circles, you need to do high, intensive
things like aerobics, dance, heavy sport, you know, tennis, basketball,
swimming. If your circles break up, you know, you can jog a block and then walk
a block. You know, you don't need to do that intense, constant activity.

Q: Yes… about coconut cream: Do we need to be careful what we're eating it
with and what we're not eating it with? I mean, particularly I'm interested in
high meat and eggs.

A: Well, I wouldn't eat it with high meat. It might interfere with it. The body
makes a lot of solvents with the types of cholesterol, types of fat that are in
coconut cream. So it could interfere with the bacterial growth as it's passing
through anyways. Coconut cream is your best solvent. If you take one of those
canning jar lids that are metal and not enamel, and you put the coconut cream on
it, twenty minutes to an hour later it will be black. That's how quickly it
pulls up metal and dissolves compounds in the body. So it is the best fat to use
to detoxify anything, especially the lymph system. Eating it with pineapple
increases the solvent reaction. If anybody uses that, I suggest they also use
raw cream and butter with the coconut cream and the pineapple, so that you have
enough of the good fats to bind with those poisons once they're pulled out of
the system. The coconut cream won't necessarily do it, so the animal fats are
better for arresting the poison.

Q: Is it bad to just have a scoop or two of coconut cream and then your meat,
and then you have to have other fats afterwards right?

A: You should always have animal fats with your meat, not just coconut cream.
Like I said, coconut cream is mainly a solvent.

Q: Gotcha. Okay.

A: Only when it gets to the skin and the hair is it a lubricant. Sometimes in
the joints a little bit.

Q: Okay. So, and then, to the eggs. Is there any problem having it at the same
time you're having eggs?

A: It'll just...eggs have a tendency to be a detoxifier when it's mixed with
coconut cream or fruit. So. eggs can be used...if they're eaten alone. Eggs can
usually bind with poisons that are in the blood, and in the neurological system.
They can also help reconstitute cells. They don't help cellular division,
reproduction. But they do help restructure; they give new protein, new fats to
cells that are already alive. But when egg is mixed with any kind of fruit or
coconut cream it'll become more of a solvent.

Q: And in conjunction with that, what happens if you eat meat alone?

A: Most of it will turn into pyruvate. You will use it as fuel. You won't be
able to use it to regenerate cells. So you're not going to get younger,
stronger. Yes?

Q: There are some situations where you just need a serious dose of energy and I
don't want to reach for coffee. So, in a situation like that…

A: I don't want you to reach for coffee either.

Q: I know, I know! Truth be known, I fell off the wagon for a while and I've
been doing some of that but I noticed that a few times that I had to go into
certain situations I really was grateful for having that energy which from the
green juices I really hadn't had for many months. And I started to imagine that
it might be okay if I were eating enough meat regularly that I could, in those
situations, eat some meat soaked in lemon juice for that fuel

A: Not a good idea because it will interfere with the digestibility of the red
meat. It doesn't do it with white meat for some reason. But in my
experimentations with people it does interfere with the proper digestion of the
meat. The reason I say that is, mainly for women, what happens is they mix the
lemon juice with red meat, it has a tendency to turn into acetate, which is a
fat. So if you want pyruvate to help burn the fat that you have and to have more
strength then it's better not to mix lemon juice with your red meat.

Q: What's pyruvate?

A: Pyruvate is a sugar made from proteins. And acetones can be made from
anything except fat. You can take carbohydrates and the body will turn some of
those carbohydrates into an acetate, and acetone. And the same will happen with
meat. It's a fat made off of other substances other than fat because that's
usually the fat that stores in the body heavily.

Q: Her question was she wanted to eat some red meat in a way that it would give
her more energy.

A: I understand that.

Q: So would the avocado or green juice with the meat work?

A: No, I'm going to get into that. Okay, I explained this several times before.
When I took the Los Angeles Police Department and the city of LA to federal
court, I was my own attorney. And, I was only able to get an hour and a half of
sleep a day because I had to prepare for the next day. I had twenty two cops up
there on the witness stand. At least eight hours a day, for two weeks. They were
interfering with the runaways working on Venice Beach. And I had had enough of
it so I filed suit on 'em. Anyway, during that time I was only able to sleep an
hour and a half day and I slept in ten minute increments. What I would do to
keep my energy level up and my focus, my mental balance, is I would eat...every
hour, I would eat, either a couple of golf ball sizes of meat, like a half a cup
of meat, next hour would be an egg, next hour would be a half a cup of milk with
extra cream. I never ate enough to satiate my body but enough to keep my body
from being uncomfortably hungry. And that keeps the energy level up very high.
It's difficult to get sleepy when you're doing that.

Q: That seems to resonate with what I've been hearing about the calorie
restriction diet, that they say never to eat more than a cup of food at a time.

A: Yeah, but you're not going to get healthy doing that. I mean, that's just if
you need energy for a long, sustained period of time. But if you want to get
healthy you have to have tremendous amounts of fat on the body. Because the fats
bind with the poisons, otherwise the poisons get into the cells and damage the
RNA and DNA - and the cell itself - and can kill them and often do. And the fat,
if you have them, it will absorb it. I’ll give you an example: in September, I
was in Asheville, North Carolina. And there's a whole group there who had been
long time vegetarians in a community called Earth Haven. Ninety nine percent
long time vegetarians, all very ill. One of them got on my diet, made such a
radical change that everybody started following suit so now there are no
vegetarians in that community. And they've all changed; they're even raising
pigs and everything now, goats and cows for their milk and everything. But when
I was there, let me tell you, the vegetarians were more unhealthy than most of
my regular, you know, American standard diet people. But one of these fellows
came in and I could see he'd never even been into health consciousness at all.
He had very thick skin; it looked like he had been a drug addict and an
alcoholic for thirty years. I photographed his irises and blew his irises up on
the screen and they were clean, like he was a young man in his twenties and he
was about fifty two, fifty three years old. And he was probably maybe twenty
pounds overweight. So there was something very wrong with that picture. So I
said, “it doesn't make sense, I can tell that you've been, you know, been a
drug user for at least twenty five, thirty years. Alcoholic for at least thirty
years.” He said “yes.” I said, “but it doesn't make sense because you
don't have all this internal damage that most people have. It's your weight.”
He said, “well, when I went on your diet five months ago I was three hundred
pounds.” He had been that fat most of his life and all that fat protected his
glands and his organs and everything from severe damage. So fat is a wonderful
thing. Extreme fat is even a wonderful thing.

Q: I think in the past I thought you'd said that when you mix your green juice
with the meat it creates a pyruvate? Was I wrong?

A: No, you won't digest either. The vegetable juice is alkaline, your food is
acid. You need an acid environment to digest the meat, you need an alkaline
environment to digest the juice. You mix them together they do not digest.

Q: So, what about just like little bit of – like if you put too much uh,
like, green...what do you call it...garnish with your meat? Is that the same –

A: It'll also do the same thing.

Q: And the same with avocado with the meat?

A: No, avocado is a fat. It's not a high alkaline food, it's a neutral. Most of
your fats are neutral, in fact all of your fats are pretty neutral.

Q: Basically if you eat a pyruvate, it'll give you energy, right? Even though
it's not rebuilding your cells, right?

A: Oh yeah, it'll give you lots of energy. Yeah. Unless you're a completely
skinny person and don't have any fat to burn, then the pyruvate is going to burn
quickly and you're going to have...it'll be like sugar. You'll have a quick high
energy for maybe half an hour, forty five minutes and then you won't have any
energy.

Q: So if I just eat red meat with nothing with it, that's going to be a
pyruvate right? I’ve got to put butter with it to make it really rebuild?

A: Or cream, or a combination.

Q: Alright, okay.

Q: Now that little bit of thyme that we, like, add to, like, you know, ceviche
or something like that...

Q: The herbs?

Q: Yeah, the little bit of herbs. Is that going to like…

A: Like I said in the recipe book, two tablespoons of herbs with a meat meal is
not enough to cause a problem.

Q: Okay, so a little bit is okay then.

A: Yeah, absolutely. Or else I made a bad recipe book.

Q: Okay, well, my question...I notice, uh, I let, uh, mental problems get to
me. Is there anything you can suggest as far as diet or other things for the
worrisome mind?

A: Yeah. Stand up comedy.

Q: Ah yeah, we discussed that.

A: It's just a different focus, you know, it's a different focus. You just have
to train yourself...And when you are doing stand up comedy....Louis, you know,
he was the fellow I wrote about in the book, that took a long time to say a
simple sentence, you know, and didn't have a lot of friends because he
just...nobody would have the patience. And it came to the point where he was
well enough but still too serious so I told him to take a stand up comedy
routine. And it worked! He was very good. And people laughing. But when you are
doing that you are more fun and then when you get away from it you get back into
that heavy mentality again.

Q: Mhm.

A: Cream is also very helpful to relax the nervous system.

Q: I love cream, yes.

A: So if you're wired, you know, bent out of shape, uh...upset, cream is the
thing to take. Less butter, more cream.

Q: Nut formula?

A: Yeah, nut formula

Q: Yeah, those two things, cream and nut formula, I love to consume them.

Q: Um, I think the last time you said that you didn't like flax seed or
something like that. You put it through a grinder, it tears up the inside. Does
it make any difference if you soak it a while before you eat it?

A: No. Any seed...all seeds except for chia seeds and poppy seeds, when you
break them they're very sharp...they're very sharp; dry, they're like glass.
Like paper, you know paper cuts? So when you eat flax seed, ground flax seed or
bran, uh flax bran, it will cut your intestines if your mucus lining isn't very,
very thick.

Q: I mean so what?

A: Eat chia seeds if you...if you have a bowel problem, a constipation problem
and you don't want to eat the fecal matter, then take chia seeds. Take about two
ounces of chia seeds, put them in an eight ounce jelly jar, add six ounces of
water, let it soak for about twenty four hours...or five ounces of water, let it
soak for twenty four hours and the water will turn into a gel. Mix that with a
lubrication formula, a full lubrication formula, moisturizing formula for you
ladies, and uh, mix it together, eat it like a cereal and you'll have good bowel
movements. But if you want to really remedy, you know, the problem which is low
bacteria in the colon, then you need to eat fecal matter and high meat.

Q: Well, but that doesn't...you know, the uh, flax seed is high in omega-3
fatty acids.

A: That's not a good source to get it. That's just the sales pitch. Yeah. You
can eat coconut cream, any raw fish is very high in omegas. And you don't
need...when you're on a raw diet you need very little omega. Very little
omega-6.

Q: What about oysters? Are they high in that?

A: Yes. Any seafood is high in omegas, including oysters, clams.

Q: Can you have the raw meat without other fats? Like for energy, I have
another fat like an hour later.

A: When I do eat the meat I always eat fat with it and then I'll eat more fat
later.

Q: I was kind of wandering with you and you were eating the meat by itself and
then –

A: But then I ate the fat right away.

Q: Oh, right away...

A: Or I ate the fat first and then ate the meat, you just didn't see me do it
the other way. Also have my honey and butter mixture all day long and I'll make
a big batch of, uh, like a sixteen ounce container of, uh, lubrication formula.
Moisturizing lubrication formula. And I'll spoon that out too. I have some with
my meat or right after my meat and then I'll eat some all day long.

Q: Right now I'm falling asleep. And I think that I ate the fat...I ate the
meat with the fat. Um, with the dessert.

A: Uh huh.

Q: Would that make me sleepy?

A: Well, eating a lot at one time will cause anybody to get sleepy because
their body wants to spend all of its energy on digestibility. If you don't eat
fat it won't work that way, usually. You'll be wired and awake. If you ate, say,
fruit and meat together you might have a little gas and a lot of energy. For a
little while. And then maybe an hour and a half, two hours you'll crash.

Q: Is it rare to have gas when you're fully doing the raw diet?

A: Not if you eat fruit with meat.

Q: Oh.

A: Without fat.

Q: I see. But you said not to do it at all.

A: I suggest that you don't do it.

Q: Except pineapple.

A: Pineapple and papaya. But I mean, with your white meats you can mix any
fruit. It's okay as long as there's a fat with it.

Q: You can have a fruit with chicken?

A: Right.

Q: Which fat?

A: Any. In the book I have a sauce in there, I think it's a peach sauce for
fish. You can have any kind of fruit with white meat. As long as it's with fat
additionally, not just the fruit with the fish.

Q: You still kind of want to watch out for the alkalinizing effects of the
fruit, wouldn't you?

A: Well, your fish and chicken are pretty alkalinizing. Red meats are very
heavily acid.

Q: Okay, what about the cellulose in the fruit? Isn't that hard to digest?

A: It depends on how much you eat.

Q: Right.

Q: So, the only white meat is chicken and turkey and...

A: White meat is all fowl and all seafood, fish.

Q: Okay. And you never use raw pork, right?

A: I eat raw pork not very often, but a couple times a year I'll crave it and
I'll eat it. I usually have to know the pig. It has to be organic before I'll
eat pig. The only reason for that is pigs have been used for centuries to be
garbage collectors. You know, in Israel, it was illegal to eat pig because the
pigs were the garbage collectors. People would dump the cooked foods out the
window and the pigs would go around eating them so it was illegal to kill pigs.
It was illegal to eat pigs because the pigs were eating mainly cooked food that
was being put out the windows, so they were getting disease. So it'd be illegal
to eat them because they were getting disease and they were the garbage
collectors.

Q: And what is trichinosis? Isn't that something associated with pork often
times?

A: Yeah, because trichinosis is a parasite in a pig that helps get rid of its
degenerative tissue. So it's a favorable thing to have. If you're a piggy.

Q: It's harsh on the human body, the trichinosis?

A: No. If you eat a lot of pork, then you're likely...and you start having
degeneration where the pork has rebuilt cells, you're likely to get trichinosis.
To help you detoxify those particular cells. They're built off the pork.

Q: Is pork red meat or white meat?

A: It's kind of a mix. But it's more on the red side.

Q: So the red meat rules apply to pork.

A: Yep.

Q: I thought it was white meat.

A: No. Pork is considered red meat.

Q: Will a human contract a parasite, uh, if they're not...if they don't need
it...for example, hookworm? Will the hookworm grow in someone that - according
to your theories - doesn't need to detox, or not?

A: Parasites have to live on degenerative cells. If you have degenerative cells
they're your friend and they'll help you get rid of those degenerative cells
quicker. I’ve said this many times. If you have a parasite, a parasite can eat
a hundred times its weight in about ten hours. A hundred times its weight. Could
you imagine eating a hundred times your own weight in ten hours? It'll take that
mass and reduce to about one tenth that mass and discard it. And its byproducts.
Like, we may eat seven pounds of food in a day and the next day drop it out in
one half to a whole pound turd. And that's what parasites do, and bacteria do.
They reduce the contamination so it's easier to handle it. When you have a
virus, it's not alive, it does not eat, it just disassembles things. It's a
solvent. See, you have all of this waste product, that gets everywhere. That's
why it's preferable to have bacteria and parasites to help you. But we are so
contaminated with pollution, the pollution in the cells, that when the parasites
and bacteria go to eat it, they are killed, they are poisoned, so you can't hold
on to the bacteria and parasites to help you. That's why the body and you get
depressed. Most depression is because your body has to rely on solvents with
high toxicity. It permeates the tissue. That's why, when people who have chronic
psychological problems and depression - once they eat the high meat -within ten,
twenty minutes they're happy. Because all of a sudden you've given the body some
bacteria to help you do the work, the detoxification. And it relieves the body
of a lot of work. So those are very good helpers, so. You want parasites and you
want bacteria. Or I do.

Q: Can you consider it high meat before it turns brown? Because I have some
meat that's been sitting in the refrigerator for three, four months and I take
it out about once a week to air it but some of them just are not turning brown
yet.

A: They don't have to turn brown. There are some that stay red and some of them
that turn green and white and black.

Q: Okay.

A: Molds … different bacteria have these different formations. Did you see
the Ripley's Believe it or Not episode?

Q: No, I heard!

A: Aw man, you would have seen all these colors because I had about somewhere
around forty different types of high meat.

Q: Is it possible to get a copy of the video of that?

A: It’s on You Tube now.

Q: But after a while, if you leave it out in the cupboard, it did turn liquid.
It becomes liquid.

A: Well, it depends on how much it grows and how fast it...

Q: The bacteria will eventually become liquid in the meat.

A: It will liquefy the meat as it’s dissolving it.

Q: I notice mine gets hard. More hard.

A: Your refrigerator sounds like it's too cold.

Q: Oh, okay.

Q: I have had, for the last couple of weeks, a chronic nosebleed. It's not
heavy and it doesn't come out when I blow my nose. It's just all the time my
nose is sore and I can't blow my nose because it's blocked. So, what is that? Do
you know?

A: That's an indication that you're discarding some pretty toxic substances
from the brain or the eye area out through the sinuses. You're not forming
enough mucus to protect the mucus lining. So eating things like cream and milk
and eggs together will help form a lot of mucus.

Q: Okay.

A: Eggs and cream are very good for that. You know, like ice cream. Also, to
help the blood clotting a little bit so you don't rupture so many blood cells
you can drink half a cup of green cabbage juice about every two days. Red
cabbage will cause bleeding, green cabbage will cause clotting.

Q: Can you even, kinda, pour it into the nasal passage?

A: Well, you don't want to do that. It's an alkaline substance and it causes
the mucus to thin. You don't want to thin the mucus. It's already a problem if
you're having bloody mucus. The mucus is too thin.

Q: But when you take it internally it...

A: It gets into the blood, it alkalinizes the blood. That's what you want to
do, alkalinize the blood. Not the digestive tract, that's why you don't eat
whole vegetables on this diet. So you don't have all that vegetable matter going
through the intestines, secreting alkaline fluids and interfering with bacteria.
So if you drink the juice, it's pretty much all absorbed by the time it reaches
the bottom of the duodenum. So it only alkalinizes the blood. And temporarily
the stomach. And about half an hour later, your stomach will be starting to
re-acidify itself.

Q: And that's why we wait an hour before…

A: We wait an hour. First thing in the morning it only takes about twenty
minutes to absorb the juice and twenty minutes to re-acidify. So, in forty five
minutes you can eat. But after that it usually takes about half an hour for each
phase. Half an hour to absorb all the juice and half an hour to re-acidify the
stomach.

Q: And is that just because you're empty in the morning?

A: Yes. Well, you've been at least five hours without eating. You go five hours
without eating, your body starts eating its own cells. And I don't think there's
anybody here that's healthy enough to be a cannibal. And that's what your blood
does; it becomes cannibalistic after five hours. So if your cells are very toxic
then that means your blood is going to get highly acid. And toxic. And that's
why a lot of people wake up in the morning not feeling well, have no energy and
quite nauseous. The green juice helps reverse all of that. It supplies your body
with lots of enzymes to prepare for digestion, it alkalinizes the blood, and
helps your body get away from anorexia and nausea.

Q: Is that better than drinking it before bed?

A: For most people it's better, yes. Well, for children, you know, anyone under
the age of fifteen or sixteen years old should really not be drinking green
vegetable juice because it interferes with their digestion almost entirely. So
children should not be drinking green vegetable juice.

Q: Should they be eating vegetables at all?

A: No. I mean, you can give them an ounce of green vegetable juice once a week
or two ounces or something like that, that would be fine. But other than that.
If the child is eating cooked foods, sure they should drink vegetable juice. But
if they're eating a raw food diet they should not be drinking green vegetable
juice. But you had them on a cooked diet.

Q: Absolutely, I'm still in the right.

A: Yes you were.

Q: With the green cabbage juice, is it important to drink it first thing in the
morning or can it be any time?

A: No. It should be either morning or night.

Q: Okay.

Q: And can you drink it with your regular green juice?

A: If you do, you need to wait ten, fifteen minutes before you drink your other
juice.

Q: So you shouldn't mix the two?

A: No. The minerals in the other juices have a tendency to bind with the
vitamin K and vitamin U which help blood clotting. It works so well, and let me
give you an example. There's a Swiss movie star, who had been a long time
vegetarian like twenty four to twenty six years. She got uterine cancer and it
started bleeding. And all the doctors; no one could stop the bleeding. So they
sent her to America to UCLA and USC medical centers to talk with their
specialists to try to stop the bleeding because she was having to get up to two
transfusions a week. Occasionally three transfusions a week. That's a lot of
blood loss. So she was in a Health Food Store one day and she saw one of my
clients getting all this dairy and butter and everything and he looked so
healthy, she asked him what he was doing. So he told her about the diet and
asked her to give me a call. She called me, she said, “you know, I heard about
your diet and I'm wondering if you can help me but I'm going to stay
vegetarian.” I said, “well then I can't help you.” And she said, “well,
this is my problem. I not only have cancer, I'm bleeding. And I'm having to get
quite a few transfusions a week. They cauterized it, they grafted skin, they've
done everything. And it won't stay sealed, it keeps bleeding.” And I said,
“well, that's pretty easy. All you have to do is drink, eight ounces of
cabbage juice morning and night, and probably within twenty four hours it'll
stop.” She said, “you are one crazy man!” Hung up the phone. I got a call
the next morning, she obviously went right out and got the cabbage juice. And
the next morning she called me about eight o'clock in the morning to tell me
that the bleeding had stopped for the first time in a year and a half. So she
got on the diet, ate the raw meat and everything. Everything was going
wonderfully, but then she got into feeling guilty about eating meat again and
she stopped eating meat and within four months she was dead of cancer and
bleeding.

Q: Because she stopped eating meat?

A: Stopped doing the diet, yeah.

Q: Was that that one on the TV show?

Q: In your experience, are there people who are too far gone to be helped by
the diet?

A: There were lots of people who I thought were too far gone and they reversed
and there were a few people, probably three people, who I was sure would never
die but they did.

Q: You were sure would never die?

A: Yeah, they would not die. But that was only three people. You know, and I've
seen probably forty people that I thought would never make it and they did.

Q: So they didn't follow the diet completely?

A: No, they followed it. You know, I didn't think they were that far gone but
they died anyway.

Q: Is it because they didn't take high meat?

A: No! I don't know what it was. Maybe their just will to die, I don't know.
Their time to go.

Q: I had a deviated septum surgery way before the diet. Now I'm feeling a lump
on my nose, its coming here, I feel it on the right side. It's like a little
bump.

A: It could be going from your bone marrow out to your skin, out to your harder
tissue. And it may go through your skin. It did for me, it created cancer that
took a third of my nose away. A third of my head, burned a hole right through my
skull.

Q: You know the EMF, you know, police officers, they have that for speeding?

A: Radar?

Q: The radar gun. Is that damaging when they go by you?

A: Yeah, it's damaging for them because they're exposed to it for hours and all
day long. But for us, you'd have to be underneath it constantly, for at least
twenty minutes.

Q: So, if you get EMF?

A: That's not EMF, that's radar radiation.

Q: Okay.

A: Radio signal.

Q: If you get EMF, you notice the signs, you'd get static electricity or
something?

A: Well, it depends upon the individual. Most EMF sufferers will suffer carpal
tunnel syndrome, sore joints. Carpal tunnel syndrome is a bullshit answer for
all that soreness. There are secretaries who've been around hitting hard key
punch typewriters for years and writers never getting carpal tunnel syndrome.
And let me tell you, those old typewriters, I used to write with one. And it was
a lot of work. It's the electromagnetic fields in your computers, your laptops,
and your electric typewriters that are a problem. It's not the way you're
holding your hand, that's a cop out. They don't want you to know the true
reason. Because they're so fucking cheap that instead of using transistors
they'll use capacitors -or it's the other way around - and it'll cost them fifty
cents more to eliminate the electromagnetic fields that cause the problem.
Because they're cheap and want to save fifty cents, they'll fuck your health up.

Q: Well, can't they just raise the price to the fifty cents?

A: But they won't do it!

Q: Can someone build their own computer and make it the way that's better?

A: Well yeah, but that's very expensive. You can do that. You could do what I
do. You get a laptop, you put the laptop a foot away from you. You use a
separate keyboard. Then you don't worry about it.

Q: How many feet do you have to be away from it?

Q: About a foot.

A: For a laptop, a foot. If you have a regular tower you have to be three feet
away from the tower. The tower emits a EMF field for about three feet.

Q: So it's not the monitor. It's the computer.

A: Well, if you have a monitor, that's radiation. They have three laser guns in
them.

Q: So how far away should you be?

A: Twenty seven feet. The television is the same way. Minimum of twenty seven
feet from the fallout until the fallout's gone.

Q: That's why you need the flat screen?

A: Flat screen, an LCD. Liquid crystal display. The fallout is about an inch
and a half away from the screen. Almost no radiation.

Q: How much are they?

A: Depends. Anywhere from three hundred to twelve hundred dollars. Depending on
the size you want.

Q: Are you talking about computers now?

Q: Yeah.

A: EMF fields in computers, yeah.

Q: One time when I was talking to someone at the airport, trying to convince
them to not X Ray my food, the fellow said that when I'm up in the airplane
flying that I get hit with way more radiation from the sun.

A: Absolutely. But it's a sun radiation, and there's no damage from sun
radiation unless you have no good fats in your body.

Q: Uh huh. So it's a different kind of radiation.

A: Completely different kind, yes.

Q: How far from cell phones?

A: Well, when I put the meter up to it, it's about nine inches from the cell
phone. But the problem is, that radiation affects the nerve tissue. Doesn't seem
to affect other tissues. So I use an earbud. I put the meter up on the earbud
and there's no radiation at all. But it's right there, especially where that
antenna is. The highest amount goes up to seven to eight gauss of radiation. So
if I'm using it I keep it away from me. Even a cordless phone is the same way.
That's why I have a headset with my cordless phone. And I will have it near a
thick layer like my pants. Or I have it clipped onto my belt if I have to walk
around and do things while I'm talking on the phone. Otherwise it sits on the
desk or somewhere else, around the couch or wherever I'm sitting, it will not be
against my body.

Q: Were you successful in getting the airport people to let the food on without
X-raying it?

Q: No.

Q: We weren't either. But Aajonus seems to have a way.

A: Well, I'm persistent and I'm very nice about. I just keep telling them,
“well, let me talk to your boss”

Q: Well we did that to.

A: But, I spend an hour and a half most of the time doing this. I just have to
be patient.

Q: He's just more stubborn than they are.

Q: I thought we were too

A: I turn heavy guilt on them to. I tell them, “you know, I was diagnosed
with bone cancer” you know, show them my teeth or my scar. I just keep doing
it until they break.

Q: I was wondering how your son's doing - Jeff? I read the story, I think he is
in the midwest?

A: He's doing fine, except that he has a crack problem. But as far as the
accident goes, healing from that, he's fine. But a psychiatrist in San Diego
showed me a report that people don't usually see and it showed that seventy six
percent of the people who've been diagnosed as crack addicted, clinically crack
addicted, were all on Ritalin as children. He was put on Ritalin at six years
old. As long as he does the diet he doesn't have a problem. So right now he's
okay, he's been okay. He's been sober for a year and a half. But I’ve seen him
go two and a half years and then go off the diet for six months and he's back
into the crack.

Q: He craves it? Somehow there's a craving?

A: Yeah. A physiological craving. And it's like the pharmaceutical industry
knew about it. And when Bush Sr. and the CIA were hauling in crack cocaine
during the eighties, they were affiliated with the pharmaceutical houses that
knew that Ritalin and crack addiction were connected.

Q: Yeah, well we're talking about major crime bosses.

A: Yes, major crime bosses. And that's what the pharmaceutical industry is.
Major crime industry.

Q: I'm interested, in the Mad Cow Disease thing, it's a virus. I'd like to
understand it more. I understand the causes like in pesticides and that kind of
thing. It's just that, when I'm back home in Canada, there's just so much hoo-ha
about it and I don't understand it.

A: Well there's a serious problem. You've got animals that are getting
degenerative activity in their spinal cord, and brain turning into sponge.
Melting, you know, air pockets, eat away. because they're not eating the foods
that they need. And they constantly get these de wormers down their spinal
cords. Plus they’re getting all these hormones and antibiotics and other
heavily alkaloid- laden chemicals in their diet that affect the nervous system.
All those heavy metals, all those alkaloids go to the nervous system. They do
damage. If you put a cow on a heavy fat diet - if you fed them grasses that were
very high in fat or other vegetables that were very high in fat and throw
avocados down for them, they wouldn't react as badly because they would have the
fat to bind with those poisons. But when they're fed all these grains, which are
pretty fat-less, their body does create fat from it, trying to bind with it, but
it's not the same kind of fat that handles it easily. So they have degeneration.
So that kind of degeneration just means you don't want to eat the spinal cord or
the brain. Now when I was in Paris from 1993-1996, three months out of the year
I was eating the Mad Cow Disease and I had no effects.

Q: Now what is the actual disease, it's a virus? A solvent that's being created
in the body?

A: Well, what happens is the nervous system creates a solvent that causes a
folded prion. And a folded prion is protein bodies which are called prions.
You've got a toxin that goes in, those prions were there to structure and also
could be a help as solvents. But then when you have these poisons go into them
they fold. So then they don't react properly, so there's no defense mechanism.
But you have to understand, the medical profession and the industries do not
want to be blamed for their chemical problems. And all of our problems are
chemical problems. Even the tribes who eat cooked meat, mainly subsist on cooked
meat, have no serious degenerative diseases. In old age they'll get
osteoporosis, they'll get weak, they won't have the same muscle tissue, they
have slow atrophy. But no serious heart disease, no serious Alzheimer's, nothing
like that. That only happens in highly polluted societies with chemicals. So the
pharmaceutical industry and the other industries and the government… and let
me tell you, the government's all bodies of industries of all sorts, they're out
protecting themselves. This whole hype about so much mercury toxicity in fish is
our problem. What they're doing is throwing the blame off the mercury from fish.
They want to distract you. The greatest mercury poisoning, which would take you
forty years of eating fish to contaminate yourself what they do with one vaccine
with Thimerosal(mercury). One vaccine will give you forty years of the
contamination of eating fish. Cooked fish.

Q: Any vaccine?

A: Any vaccine, that has mercury in it. That's eighty percent of all the
vaccines that are out there.

Q: More kids are getting autism. My nephew's daughter…

A: Seven to eight hundred percent more.

Q: In 1997 they found out that most kids have been getting autism, since 1997.
It was in the paper.

A: A lot more than that. They've been studying this thirty years.

Q: Aren't they doing away with the thimerosal though? Aren't they moving toward
something else?

A: They're lying. They're lying. Well, first of all, the government, and the
FDA gave them five years to phase out because they had billions of dollars of
vaccines stored in their vaults. So it was okay to go ahead and poison the
children for five years because the pharmaceutical houses would lose money. So
that's basically where that went. The new drugs that they're saying are very low
in thimerosal; it's still in there. Another company and I had some of the
vaccines tested and they were very low reduction. See, the problem is that they
put the thimerosal in the vaccines because vaccines… you know what happened to
Pasteur: every time he vaccinated an animal, they went into anaphylactic shock
and died. And that same thing will happen to humans but for some reason, when
they use the thimerosal in it, it causes such a reaction in the body that the
body won't die. Won't go into that kind of shock as often.

Q: Such a what reaction, that it won't die?

A: The type of the anaphylaxis, the allergy to the disease that they're giving
you, when they inject you with the disease.

Q: Such that it's not lethal?

A: Right, it stops the high rate of fatalities

Q: They're stopping the court martialing of forcing vaccines to the military I
heard

A: Yeah, but that's bullshit. If you hear inductees and the volunteers that go
into the military, it's still threatened. They don't court martial you, but they
sure make your life hell.

Q: It sounds like what you're saying is when they put the heavy metal in the
vaccination, that it's almost like it kind of inhibits the actual disease enough
so that it doesn't make that huge reaction.

A: Well, I think what happens is when you get a flush of disease in the blood,
the body reacts traumatically. Because normally a disease will be a
developmental reaction within the system. And the body has a reaction to that.
Every single vaccine for something like nine years, every animal that Pasteur
injected with the disease died. Not one survived. Then they started using
formaldehyde with it. With the disease. And then they started using thimerosal
in the 1920s, liquid mercury. What happened was, it looks like the body had to
deal with the poison instead of the disease.

Q: It was tricked.

A: Yes. It was so involved with dealing with the high poison that the disease
didn't get registered. And then the body didn't go into an anaphylactic shock as
often. But there are people who go into anaphylactic shock and die from
vaccines, even with the thimerosal.

Q: I have a question on this Mad Cow Disease because I know that it's, like
most viruses and bacteria, it's been around for billions of years - as long as
the planet's been here. But since that’s a more recent thing it has
essentially been created by man, correct?

A: Correct. But it has the exact same symptoms of Foot and Mouth which is
basically a flu. Cow flu.

Q: Okay, so when you here about Europe, when they burned all of the millions of
cows that they had over there, and they apparently couldn't bury them in the
soil, they actually like stored them in old World War II plane hangars because
it's so toxic that you can't even touch any of it, and apparently when they do
an autopsy on someone who's had Mad Cow, they have to literally throw everything
because there's no way to sterilize it, to sterilize anything. Is that true?

A: Sterilizing is there to destroy bacteria and virus and things that are
alive. But when you have metal contamination and poison, you could sterilize all
you want to. You can sterilize strychnine 'til you're blue in the face. You can
heat it up to twenty, uh, thirty two hundred degrees and it won't disturb it;
you'll still die of poison. That's strychnine poisoning.

Q: Okay.

A: They're just throwing it off on some natural disease when it's really the
chemical poisoning in those animals...which is the problem. And there are so
many poisons, there are so many alkaloids, and just...strychnine is an alkaline.
All of those poisons are heavy alkaloids, just different chemical structures of
alkaloids. That makes them those poisons. So when you have all of this in those
animals, you can't bury it because it'll damage the soil, get into the ground
water, it'll get into the system.

Q: So you do believe that this particular virus is extremely toxic?

A: The virus is not toxic. The poisoning of the body is toxic.

Q: What I'm saying is, like, the ashes left over from the cows. You agree that
they should…

A: But it's not the virus that's the problem, it's the poison that's the
problem.

Q: Okay. But you still say that they should be completely left separate from
where anyone can come in contact with them.

A: Oh, absolutely.

Q: Okay. Because if it is indeed that, which is what you're agreeing to, then
that's pretty serious. Because it's like, what, I mean yeah you can burn
and...what the hell do you do with them?

A: Just like any toxic waste that's highly toxic, you have to control the
contamination.

Q: Have you heard that supposedly when they give someone a vaccination now that
there's some microscopic little information chip that goes through the needle?

A: Well, they got these microchips about the size of, let's say you took a
needle and you took off the section about a quarter of an inch, they do have
sensors. They're radio devices that they can put under your skin. But they're
not supposed to be doing it without your permission. You know, but they're doing
it to prisoners, to military people, stuff like that.

Q: You know, when somebody has autism, like my nephew's daughter, they only
like pasta. Pasta, rice, anything starch. Nothing else, they have no taste for
anything else.

A: Then they'll stay autistic.

Q: I have a real fundamental lack of understanding of like, if the stomach has
acid, to digest, like, meat and stuff like that, when you...when you take
something alkaline like the vegetable juice or anything alkaline, pineapple or
whatever, doesn't that immediately meet up with the hydrochloric acid and – ?

A: Neutralizes it.

Q: So...uh...what is the benefit to the rest of the body then? In other words,
you know, how does it get anywhere? If it's, you know, neutralized.

A: You have to understand that the body; your stomach does not secrete
hydrochloric acid until there's something that goes into it. Your stomach's not
stupid. When you put vegetable juice in it, the vegetable juice doesn't cause a
hydrochloric acid secretion. When meat and dairy, egg - any animal matter - goes
into your stomach, that will cause hydrochloric acid secretion.

Q: I got it.

A: Avocados will too. Anything that's high in fat. Coconuts will too.

Q: Okay, so when you ingest something like vegetable juice that is on the
alkaline side, then it can actually integrated farther in, like it'll end up
making salts somewhere.

A: Yes.

Q: But it'll go through a lot of digestion first, right?

A: Well, it goes through very little digestion.

Q: Okay.

A: When it's absorbed it goes to the pancreas, mainly, and the pancreas
disassembles the vitamins and the enzymes and reassembles them into whatever we
need for our digestion.

Q: So I...so that is where the value is? In other words –

A: And when those products get into the blood, then they alkalinize the blood.

Q: Regarding the juices, don't they have a lot of sugar? And would that cause
any problems to someone that is hypoglycemic?

A: If it's carrot juice or beet juice, any of the high carb vegetables, yes.
But celery and parsley, those are not high in carbohydrates. Remember, we don't
digest much cellulose. And when you're juicing, you're removing most of the
cellulose that's in the pulp so that's where most of the sugar is. So you're
mainly getting minerals, H2O, and enzymes.

Q: Right, but does this still apply to the sugar content for a hypoglycemic?
Will it cause any?

A: No, it will not do that unless you're having carrot juice or beet juice.

Q: Okay, so green juices will be the way?

A: Correct. Then there's no high carb product.

Q: Any kind of green juice. And what is the best amount to take?

A: You want to cover all that, it's in the recipe book.

Q: Okay.

A: It's all broken down in the recipe book, everything you want to know about
that.

Q: You mentioned beet juice. I heard that beet juice is good for helping your
liver, is that true?

A: It does help the liver, it helps the kidneys, it helps anything
that...wherever we need solvents made, beet juice helps because beet juice has a
natural hydrochloric acid, materialization complex within it. Like, corn on the
cob does, too.

Q: How often would you recommend having some beet juice? And is a couple of
ounces enough?

A: I don't think that anybody needs it unless they have a kidney problem or a
digestive problem. But if you're going to have it, you know, just to make sure
then maybe once a month. Four ounces a month, two ounces at a time.

Q: Yeah, going way back when they were talking about viruses and how viruses
are made by the body as solvents to clean up matter...and the CDC talked about
when they sort of give a weather forecast for upcoming viruses that are these
new plague-like viruses.

A: They're all psychic, aren't they?

Q: Right, well I mean, what's going on there? Is it just a crock so they can
sell their flu vaccines?

A: Absolutely, the CDC wouldn't exist if the people didn't have fear of
disease.

Q: Oh, there's no question that they're playing the fear card.

Q: Can I answer that question? I've worked at two medical centers now and I'll
tell you, they sent us things so I can tell you it's a joke. And it's kind of
funny that people at the medical center., they still send you things, and I
laugh at them because they'll predict too far in advance and I know that part of
it is they're the cause of some of it. Absolutely more than people want to say
but the rest of it's just a joke, people come in, people ask if I'm getting a
flu shot. I'm so adamant against vaccination.

Q: Yeah, yeah.

Q: We don't do vaccinations. We will not touch that. But it is actually
accurate, they will fax stuff to you from the CDC, will fax stuff from the NIH,
they'll just tell us...every position in the country. They have a database. If
you have an DEA license, you are in the database, so they will send it to you.
And they will locate you too.

A: And all your high executives in the FDA all go from the executive offices of
FDA to a high paying job in the pharmaceutical industry.

Q: Of course.

A: And vice versa. The CDC is the same way.

Q: How do they create pandemics? If viruses are created by the body? And not
spread by either breathing or whatever? How could they create the pandemics?

A: Who create the pandemics?

Q: I think that the CDC and pharmaceutical houses may have a hand in creating
illness.

A: Oh they do, because they're dealing in drugs. Which cause the body to break
down tissue, and to need a virus or bacteria or a parasite.

Q: Plus that water is loaded in chemicals and the air with chemtrails. There
are already chemicals everywhere.

A: We're always going to have detoxifications. We're going to have colds, flus,
and detoxifications.

Q: I didn't have one this year. I don't know why.

A: I'm sorry to hear that.

Q: So if you're on a hundred percent raw diet, you don't need to worry about
smallpox virus, terrorist scares or anything like that?

A: Well, from my research on those particular germ warfare, you have to inhale
the powder directly. Exhalations from anyone else won't be a problem but it's
the alkaloids in the poisons which create the problem. It's not really the
smallpox virus or the smallpox bacteria or germ, so to speak, that is not the
problem because it is not alive, it's dead. It's the alkaloids that are
associated with it which are poison when you inhale it. So you have to be around
where the gas or the powder is directly involved. Now I got that information
through someone who worked for the military and was in that division. He said,
“if you don't inhale it within two, two and a half minutes of the explosion,
you'll never be affected.” And there's no spreading. He said that's all
bullshit, again, to scare you and to build a military budget.

Q: Same with anthrax, I presume?

A: Anthrax, same way.

Q: So you're going to hold your breath for two and a half minutes.

A: Yeah, two and a half minutes. Or breath through silk. Silk won't let
anything pass through like that.

Q: There's an organization called, National Vaccine Information Center, NVIC.
And they do intensive documentation and research of the harmful effects of
things like thimerosal, uh, hoaxes on these vaccinations. They keep statistical
records of the number of military personnel that get sick or die on these
vaccinations. They're involved in monitoring cases where military personnel are
court-martialed or are kicked out of the military for refusing vaccinations.
They give you the whole story on autism and that. And it’s a real shocker and
they tell you about the connections with the drug industries. Uh, if you realize
the billions of dollars the drug industries are making.

A: Trillions.

Q: Yeah. Off these vaccination scares, and the government, our money is funding
these huge stockpiles of these vaccinations.

A: Absolutely.

Q: What's the website again?

Q: NVIC...www.nvic.org.

Q: So, every disease that we hear about then, isn't really a disease, the only
disease really is toxicity, is that right?

A: That's it.

Q: That's it.

A: Toxicity accumulates and starts degenerating your cells.

Q: And everything...smallpox, colds, flus, are just different bacteria?

A: Yeah. And polio exists today but they don't call it polio. They just name it
something else to make you believe that they got rid of polio.

Q: Oh really? What do they call it now?

A: Um...well now they're calling that, uh, CJD. Which is Mad...Humans.
Basically it's the degeneration of the nervous system.

Q: Oh.

Q: Here's one virus that you don't here a lot of people talk about, but it's in
Africa. The ebola virus? And that's pretty...I mean, it's supposed to be like,
you can get it.

A: Yeah, and from what I understand that was man made.

Q: Oh, it was?

A: And it was all injected.

Q: Oh, really?

A: Injected into the vaccines, the same way the Aid’s was injected into the
smallpox vaccine.

Q: Oh, when they were testing the –

A: Yeah. They were injecting...from what I understand, the ebola bacteria was
injected with the hepatitis vaccine.

Q: Okay, because what I understand about the ebola is that if you come into
contact with it, like, it kills people within twenty four hours. Which, on one
side effect, it's good because then it can't spread as fast because it kills
people like that. I don't know what you know about it other than...

A: Well again, it's an immediate poison. And also, you have other symptoms
like, down in South America, all through the 30s, 40s, and 50s the way Coca-Cola
and.the jewel mining industry got rid of the natives was they said that, you
know, they would arm these Brazilian guys with machine guns and poisons to go
poison the water supply. To keep the people and the missionaries confused, they
said that they were getting smallpox. And they were dying of smallpox. But
almost every poisoning disease will have smallpox like reactions. And if you've
got a medical guy in there saying, “oh, this is smallpox,” people buy it. A
news article goes out this is smallpox. But it's really poisoning. Formaldeyhde
in the drinking water will cause that. Strychnine in the drinking water will
cause that.

Q: That's like what they did to the Indians when they apparently gave

Q: That was going to be my next question. So everything in the history books
about white men bringing disease that Native Americans did not have immunity,
that's all bull.

A: That's all bullshit.

Q: So they deliberately killed them.

A: Oh, they were deliberately murdering them, yeah. But that was acceptable
genocide because nobody knew about it, it was disease killing them.

Q: So they poisoned them?

A: Yeah, they poisoned them.

Q: They gave them blankets on the reservations that were –

A: No, that was the lie.

Q: That was the lie.

A: That's also part of the lie.

Q: Oh.

Q: I don't understand, how did they poison them then?

A: They poisoned their water system.

Q: Oh my god.

Q: Poisoned with what?

A: The water systems.

Q: But with what?

A: With formaldehyde and strychnine and a lot of other complex alkaloids.

Q: Wouldn't they have tasted that?

A: Strychnine has no taste. Formaldehyde, if it's diluted enough, has no taste.

Q: I think by the eighteenth and nineteenth century that was already a big
thing.

A: Oh yeah. They were using formaldehyde in milk. To preserve milk, they were
using formaldehyde. Benjamin Franklin stopped that.

Q: You're saying basically, when you get a flu or something like that, these
are cleansing reactions?

A: These are all cleansing reactions.

Q: So if you know me, I never get sick. I got sick for the first time in like a
decade this year and I had my first fever in maybe thirty years. I didn't even
know what was happening because I hadn't had a fever since I was a kid. This
year was the first time and I noticed everyone else was getting sick, but also I
hadn't been eating as much raw as I used to, I used to be be like eighty percent
and I must have gone down to like fifty. And I'm just wondering, could that have
been a cleansing? Or was it just...because if you don't get sick does that mean
I'm not...if I don't have a fever am I never getting sick –

A: You're storing your poisons. And most of the people who don't get sick die
between the ages of forty five and fifty six.

Q: So I'm storing because I was all, “oh, I must be really healthy because I
never get sick but I'm always strong, I'm always...”

A: No, that's your hormones. I talked about it in the recipe book. Any other
questions?

Q: .Basically it’s never a bug, always a toxin, right?

A: It's the chemicals damaging cells.

Q: But I mean, always man made chemicals, it's never a bug?

A: Right.

Q: Are there any situations where there are any microbes that are a problem to
us or never the case? The microbes are part of nature and...

A: Well, let's say you're so much in deterioration, you're so toxic that if
you, you know, lay down in a pile of ants, you may not live.

Q: Alright, okay. But for the most part it's always...

A: If you fell asleep and were really stinky, a vulture might come down and
start eating at you. Then you've got a problem.

Q: But it's...always chemical.

A: Right.

Q: But you could ultimately be decomposing inside if your body's so toxic and
then you could have, like, internal bleeding.

A: Yes, absolutely.

Q: Whenever I exercise, I get a very deep, dark circle under my eyes. And it
only happens when I do strenuous exercise. So, I'm wondering what that is.

A: Well, from my experience, dark circles mean a liver problem.

Q: Okay, so eat food to help my liver?

A: Butter, I talked about earlier. Butter and honey.

Q: Okay.

A: Hot water bottle at your liver at night, make sure your circulation
increases.

Q: What about like Indian sweat lodges

A: Toxic, very toxic. And if you were at the sweat lodges I was at, you'd find
out that the Indians, when they put us in sweat lodges, they lie down in back.
It's so dark you can't tell where they are. But they're lying down. There's
twelve inches of complete ground air. And when I found them lying back they
weren't exposed to all those toxins and chemicals. They were on the ground
breathing the fresh air. So when I get into the sweat lodges after that, I did
that too. So all these people were ignorant and that was another way they'd get
the white man. Bring him into the sweat lodge with you and poison him.

Q: And he's getting poisoned because it's too hot?

A: Well, you've got monoxides, the burning carbon monoxides.

Q: From the water on the rocks?

A: You've got other things on the rocks that are burning.

Q: Oh.

A: You've got dirt, you've got grass, you've got leaves. Anything they can put
to make the hot rocks hot, are on the rocks. They're burning on the rocks.

Q: Okay... with fire.

A: Correct. So all that smoke in there is not just steam.

Q: Yeah, like when they sprinkle the sage and cedar or whatever.

A: Right. There you go, you're burning monoxides. And monoxides are poisons.

Q: What about people who live in a climate that often times will be 110 or 115
without air conditioning for a while?

A: Yeah, but there's that space that your body sets out a cooling mechanism.
And you'll have more fluids, the blood will be thinner, and you'll be cooling
yourself. You know, you have a cooling system. But when you're under hot water,
it's that close to the skin, there's no buffer zone.

Q: Gotcha.

A: Especially if you're moving around. If you stay completely still, you might
have quarter to half an inch buffering zone but that's not enough. Normally we
have about a three inch buffering zone, with air. But with fluids, no.

Q: About the viruses...this man, Brian Alice, wrote a book about why we'll
never win the war on AIDS. But he just gives this whole lengthy history of
illness and viruses and the virus hunters. He says there's, like, zillions and
billions of viruses and they've only named about one percent or less, of all the
viruses that exist. So it's just crazy that they come up with the name of this
virus and that when there's really billions, zillions, billions of them
everywhere.

A: Each body builds a different soap for a different thing. So if you've got
trillions of different kinds of cells in your body, you're going to have a
trillion different soaps. And saying they self-replicate is like saying because
Tide is in every home that Tide self-replicates.

Q: When someone has a brain hemorrhage, same thing goes for them too. If they
would be having cabbage juice

A: Green cabbage juice.

Q: Green cabbage juice, that would automatically also stop the bleeding in the
brain?

A: Yes. It would even happen quicker. Quicker in the brain than it would in the
other tissue.

Q: Oh, I see. Because in the hospital they would probably open your brain up.

A: No, they usually put a chemical and let it thicken the blood.

Q: How do you gain weight if you are very thin and never could gain weight
before?

A: Whenever I put somebody on the diet who's very thin, or underweight at all.
To me if you're not with some excess, you're underweight.I will put them on a
building diet, never detoxifying.

Q: Have you ever seen those ads in the paper by Jordan Rubin, the Garden of
Life, with the before and after pictures of how thin he was?

A: Yeah, but Jordan Rubin was drinking a quart of raw cream a day and he
doesn't put that in there.

Q: He has a book called The Maker's Diet.

A: But he's against raw meat.

Q: You're kidding. I didn't know that.

Q: Is there anything you can tell somebody who eats cooked food who's really
skinny and won't eat, like, raw food, to put on more weight?

A: You have to get them to eat at least some raw butter, raw cream. Might help.

Q: My mom and my grandma...We just had an aunt of mine die who was like ninety
four and then my other aunt is about to turn a hundred in a few days. And their
whole lives they grew up on sour milk, raw cultured vegetables, and kielbasa and
all those kinds of things that from Russia

A: Lots of bacteria. Those cultured foods create lots of bacteria. Bacteria in
there eating up the garbage, that's what you want. Okay, that's it, folks.

===

QA_LA_2004_02_01
