?
title=Q&A Of November 27, 2005

# Q&A Of November 27, 2005

@[Source](https://www.primaldiet.net/aajonus-qa-2005-11-20/)

A: I will be picking up some juicing machinery when I leave for Thailand
next Sunday.

I'll be gone till January 22nd. So when I'm there, I'm going to pick up some
equipment to juice coconuts the way they do it there. I've been trying to order
it for two years from this country, no one will deliver it to this country.

Q: What is it really?

A: They've got these machines which, they're a grinder and they cut.
First you've got a machine that will score the coconuts in half. You break them
in half. Then you put them on this grinder and it makes everything into a grated
coconut. Then you take that and you press that through various kinds of presses
that they have. The one that is mainly used is a hydraulic press, when they put
it in a burlap bag and then press it. That's mainly what I get in Thailand,
Cambodia, Vietnam, Malaysian and Indonesia.That's mainly what they've been using
and now they've got juicers that are hydraulic only you know they turn and turn
and squeeze and press like the green, green power and the green star juicers do.
Yeah, gear juicing. So I'll just see what's going to be available because they
only make those machines in India anonymous voice: What are they called? What
kind of juices? Are there a lot of coconuts there?

A: There are a lot of coconuts in India.

Q: They have them in Burma; you walk down the street and every
other vendor would have them.

A: Absolutely yes, but they are all made in India; all the machinery is
made in India.

I couldn't get, in two years, I was not able to get one company to send one
here to ship the equipment here.

Q: Now, whats the difference between a green coconut and
brown....?

A: A green has very little fat.

Q: It doesn't have fat?

A: Very little fat in those.

Q: Even when its like thick inside?

A: That's just gelatin, that's an in-between stage, not really much fat
in that at all. It takes a mature coconut to get the fat.

Q: And if you just juice them, if you have a like a sturdy juicer
and you take this inside of the coconut and juice it, would that do the job?

A: Yeah, we can do it; its just very time consuming.

Q: Yeah, that's coconut milk. They can do it, but its usually the
mature meat, not the jelly though.

A: Yeah, the thick white meat. I'd do it with my green power, but its so
time consuming.

Q: So that right there is the coconut oil I bought. What do you
think about it?

A: This isn't a good one. I mean they expeller press it but still the
temperature is around 118 degrees. I got one company in the Philippines to make
it and another company in Thailand. The company in Thailand is at:
www.thaiorganiclife.com contact them and ask for the Aajonus style coconut oil
that's not heated above 96 degrees F.

Q: I have quarts of that. What's the plan if you do get that
machine? Kind of just make somebody set up a little cottage industry and make
it, will you be producing it for people in LA?

A: James will be setting that up.

Q: So you will be able to get it once a month?

A: Yeah, before we had that company making the coconut cream for us, what
I did was I took a three by five card and put it up in a high school gym and I
put it uh.... “Need somebody who likes to break things....8 dollars an hour”

A: I got lots of calls. I just chose an African American end on the
football team, who had lots of energy. I had him juice about eight to ten
coconuts for me about every five to six weeks. And he would preserve it like I
instruct in the recipe book with lime juice it'll last for that long. Because
that's a grueling job you know breaking those coconuts prying out you know, the
chopping it, the cutting it up, putting it through the juicer, that's time
consuming.

Q: Are you worried about the coconuts that don't smell that great
when you open them, they're not totally moldy but they smell a little?

A: Well yeah, all those coconuts are even better, they work better,
they're just not enjoyable.

Q: But its okay to juice them?

A: Yeah, even better. It will clean you quicker.

Anonymous voice: The coloration..... I mean some of them are totally black.
It's just total.... total mold.

A: Yeah,well, that's a little too much detoxification.

Q: (laughter)

Q: Can you bring us one of those machines?

A: Which one?

Q: The coconut one from India....

A: These are huge machines; they're about fifteen to eighteen grand each.

Q: oh really?

A: And they have to have three of them for the process, so they're
industrial grade.

Q: Oh okay; so they're not a casual thing.

A: No, these are industrial big machines.

Q: Oh, because the stuff I'm thinking about is somebody put the
others in gear and...

A: No, these are heavy duty, industrial grade. We will just go ahead and
start. Is there anybody that has any kind of uh subject they would like me to
talk about.....before we get started?

Q: Avian Flu?

A: (laughter) Yeah, what a joke Avian Flu is. You have to understand the
United States medical profession and the pharmaceutical companies, they are
geared, they have been geared since Rockefeller and Carnegie took over the
universities back in the early 1900s, to gear you to be afraid of nature. All
the Asian flus are named after, I mean all the Asian flus are named after some
kind of monkey or pig or swine flue, you know, or some kind of bird. They always
want to address it on some animal. If you understand viruses you understand that
they're not contagious. The whole idea of a vaccine for a flu is preposterous. A
flu is a body of amino acids, proteins, they are not alive. You can inject a
fullPetri dish - a spikedPetri dish – with every kind of flu you can imagine
and they will not multiply. They exist as is, then when you introduce live cells
into it, all of a sudden they start multiplying. That's because the cells are in
an environment that's not natural for it. It gets toxic. Bacteria is prevented
from growing in these Petri dishes because they make them anti bacterial, anti
parasitical, and the natural process of detoxification is bacteria and
parasites. If a cell can't use bacteria and parasites, it reverts to making
solvents - soaps which are flu - which are the flu, the viruses. That is what it
is; it's just a soap. And there are about three hundred thousand varieties of
those soaps - just like we may have five or six types of liver virus called
hepatitis - because they're for specific types of cells in the liver. If the
liver were to detox completely with one virus then the whole liver would shut
down. The person would die. So the liver could never detoxify properly. Well you
have all these complexities within the body of a cell. It has its glands, its
prostate gland and reactions; everything within that cell so you've got.....
Pardon?

Q: Its a universe basically?

A: Absolutely. It's got its complex of virals that its needed for its
internal self. Then for the gland, we have the viruses that are necessary for
that. So you've got about three hundred thousand categories. You've got sub
categories within that, like we do in hepatitis, but they are not contagious.
You cannot give them, plus they're all retro viruses. That means that the body
finishes making and utilizes the virus within 48 to 72 hours. Then the body goes
on or the cell goes on to making a different virus to clean some other part of
that particular inter cellular function or body or part or system. So the idea
of making a flu shot is the most preposterous thing there is because if you put
out a vaccine it's at least 6 months behind any flu or virus that ever existed.

Now the great Avian flu: What do they want to pull out of the vaults? Anyone
remember the swine flu in the 70s? Who was our vice president at the time?
Rockefeller. Five pharmaceutical houses he owned, so what did he do? He got Ford
on the tv to take the swine flu shot. Dr. MD McBean and a consumer advocate Ida
Honorof, here from San Diego, were pretty famous at the time. Ida Honorof had a
syndicated consumer advocacy radio show. That was syndicated in somewhere around
six hundred markets in the United States. And they filed suit against Ford,
Rockefeller, the Surgeon General and somebody else in the government and the
company that produced it. They were so influential and were on it like a hip
pocket, that they got the media to watch the places where they were given the
swine flu. Now, the swine flu - we paid eight billion dollars to give swine flu
to everybody. Within the second week, two thousand three hundred people had died
within two and half days of receiving the swine flu shot. So of course it was
pulled out. It went into the vaults. What do you think is coming out of the
vaults for this swine flu epidemic? When Bush paid seven point one billion
dollars, it isthe same swine flu and they're paying seven point one billion
dollars to relabel it.

Q: Why would it kill, I mean the virus? I mean in a vaccine, why
would it become so dangerous? When it usually shouldn't do anything?

A: Oh it should.

Q: You give it to people - why would people die then?

A: Because it has aluminum, it has formaldehyde, and they have
thimerosal.

Q: They're not really dying of what they call triple virus.
The're dying because whats in the vaccine...

A: Partially, but you have to understand that some people have an
allergic reaction to an infused toxin of any sort. And if the cell hasn't made
the virus - the cells in your body haven't made the virus. It's going to look at
that as an attack or an invasion and possibly a road to say, 'wait a minute, I'm
not suppose to be alive, I'm going to die in this kind of a situation' and
that's what's called anaphylactic shock, but the anaphylaxes can come from
either the poisons in the vaccine or the actual confligated virus itself...
because its not natural.

Q: Would it be correct to say that, when you contract like some
people with an allergic reaction contracting it from the bird flu, they're not
dying of the flu, they're dying of conflagration of the flu....

A: They're not even getting the flu. A person can not get a bird flu.

Q: It doesn't jump species?

A: Its does not jump species. Its absurdity!

Q: Right, well they're saying that that's what's happening. Why
are they saying that?

A: Well everybody gets a flu because they need detoxification. They want
people to be afraid of nature. And then embrace medication.

Q: And what if we eat a bad bird? Other: Or live with it?

A: That's not going to harm you.

Q: Well, apparently the provocation behind it. Is it some
disinformation campaign? Because right now....

A: It is disinformations, complete disinformation.

Q: ...Because the Chinese government is certainly in fear and
panic over this information.

A: You have to understand that there are other ways of overthrowing
people and their government. And one of them is disinformation. And we know the
CIA is good with that. And the military is good with that. So how easy is it, if
you are dealing with a country like China? Not easy. You know, they didn't put
in any of their assets in public relations and the media. They know now because
the white people control the media. You know, the Eurasian people, you know
Euros and the Caucasian races own most almost all - like 90% of all - the
communication networks that exist. And if they want to, well just imagine what
would happen. They came out with the SARS, so called epidemic. What happened to
the trade and the tourism in Asia? It went down 80%.....80%, huge deficit it
created. Take a look at that and you say 'oh what an easy way to do it'. Now
last year I was in Vietnam twice, Cambodia twice, and Thailand twice, Indonesian
Malaysia, and I went to three different flocks that they had slaughtered in
Vietnam. And you know it easily would cost me twenty two hundred dollars to
eight thousand dollars to have laboratory tests here. I can get it for a hundred
and ten to two hundred dollars there. So I had quite a few of those destroyed
chicken remains analyzed. There was no such thing as a virus that they spoke
about. All animals, all creatures have viruses, but there was no predominant one
that was causing any kind of deterioration in those animals. It is like what
happened eight years ago here on the east coast. It went in the health
department – the FDA went in the USDA and slaughtered herds and herds of sheep
without testing the sheep. Went in, called them contaminated and slaughtered
them. Now I knew two of the shepherds who had two flocks that were slaughtered.
There was no human rights involved. They just wiped out any kind of right that
they had. They didn't have to prove that there was anything wrong. There was no
cause of action. There was no probable cause to say that they had any kind of
disease. What is the point in doing that?

Q: To wipe them out.

A: Destroy the small farmer so that the big conglomerate can take over.
And the FDA has been in bed... The last eleven heads of FDA - as soon as they
left the FDA - have been CEO's of a pharmaceutical company. That's quite a major
tie. Eleven. So - you look at that and you see how its all interlinked. This is
all disinformation to make a lot of money and to play their game of monopoly.
'We will win and you will go down'.

Q: So when they say you die of complications, they died, somebody
died or something, how do they work the information as a simple statement of
complications of the flu, what does that mean?

A: Lets say, you have a person who has cancer, and they go into the
hospital. And they get an antibiotic; well lets take my mother for example. Five
years ago she got breast cancer, I happened to hear about it from an aunt or an
uncle. I called her and I said, I said mom, you've read my books and all thatm I
know you'rer an RN, you're a nurse, you're not going to have chemo or radiation
are you? And I know that you're going to have the surgery cause you believe in
surgery. She said yes, but I'm not going to have the mastectomy, I'm just going
to have a lumpectomy. I'm going to have the lymph-nodes that are involved,
removed. I said okay, why don't you go back to eating raw foods again, or 50%
raw again? Oh I'm healthier now, I don't need to do that. You know, because20
years ago she was having a lot complications, she and my father, so they went on
a 50% raw diet. And they got a lot better and they stayed on it for about six
years. So I thought I'd talk them into doing it again. But no, she felt
infallible at this point. How you can feel infallible at 82 years old? So she
had the lumpectomy and then had radiation. I said, 'mom if you have radiation,
what is behind those breasts?'. You've got lungs behind those breasts. At your
age, you damage those lungs and whats going to happen? She was on, she's still
on oxygen, five years, she's still happy she did it. So what happened is, she
went deaf about two years ago. She's had different kinds of hearings aids that
don't work, so she had an implant, eighty thousand dollars, for this implant.
Open up the skull, they put these electrodes that were attached to this hearing
aid, they attached like sixty electrodes into her cochlea, and then that
implanted in the skull, behind the ear. It was on this side. They have to use
all these computers to fine tune it for her hearing. And she got a serious
infection about two months ago, so they put her on antibiotics. Antibiotics
destroyed her taste buds, destroyed her appetite. She hasn't eaten in two
months. She's now skin and bones, probably going to die within two weeks. I just
left her a few days ago. Only way I could get her to eat again, and I mean it
was like night and day! With my brothers and my father there, and I gave her
little bitty cubes of papaya. And I'd given her five to seven of them. She would
eat, like on Thanksgiving day, in the morning I gave her five of them. And she
ate four meals that day. Now why wasn't my father giving it to her all this
other time? Because I told him about it. So they saw it again for the second
time because I did it two weeks ago.

That's beside the point, the point is that the complications. The doctor is not
going to say

'well the antibiotics did it. They're going to say my mother died of
complications. Cancer, surgery, everything. When the medical profession gets a
hold of you, they are out to alter your system. They don't work with the system,
they want to alter it to their needs. And their needs are mechanical, and you
can not adapt to mechanically, most people can't. 90% can't, so they're going to
say they have complications. So when anybody dies of anything, its not the
cancer that killed them, it was the pneumonia. They didn't die of AIDS, they
died of the pneumonia. But what created the pneumonia? The AZT and the
antibiotics. They're not going to blame themselves. So all they have to do is go
say, we've had how many deaths? How many people die of flu every year?
Thousands! Over the planet, at least a million a year die of flu.

Q: Or of the..... complications? That's the part I'm still trying
to understand.

A: If the body is highly toxic and your infusing it with toxins, at the
same time, you're trying to detoxify. You've got too many things going on. So
lets say those toxins settle in the heart or in the brain or in the liver or in
the pancreas and destroy the tissue,

Q: You don't have enough a chance to get rid of all this stuff.

A: That's right.

Q: That's a chemical reaction you know, you have to get rid of
it, for to create a new one. Other: If the conflict is, if you have a certain
level of the virus in your body and then the body has somehow reacted to it, you
die from diarrhea

A: Never die from diarrhea, that's a farce. Nobody dies from
diarrhea....yeah.

Q: Eventually they whither away and they die;they die of
something.

A: They can't eat. The only time somebody is going to die is if they
can't eat. I had a guy who went on this diet, and he experienced diarrhea for
two and half years. And he kept his weight up to as big as Mike there. And even
with all that diarrhea, he maintained that weight for the whole two and a half
years. No problem.

Anonymous voice: I know, I mean, that was to die from the complications, the
diarrhea, asking your doctor about the diarrhea, once again its the
complications from the chemical reactions,.....

A: If you have dehydration, you could die of dehydration. But that's
because you're not eating the right foods to get the right kind of H20 to be
utilized properly. You'd be drinking water, Gatorade, garbage like that, and of
course, your body can only utilize about 10% of that H20. So there. Many people
are going to die and its usually the elderly that do it, or people that are on
heavy medication and have been on medication for extended period.

Q: So is that a genetic disposition - complication?

A: No, well its just a matter of habit, of course if your genes are made
up of you do what your parents did, the same kind of garbage your parents did,
you're going to carry on the same weakness as, because you're not altering it.
For example, diabetes runs on my mothers side. I mean, I've got eight cousins
who were diabetic by the time they were fifteen. I was one of those people who
was, you know, part of that – so I was the ninth. I don't have any juvenile
diabetes, and that's unheard of! You don't reverse juvenile diabetes, “so
called”, but I changed my diet. I took care of it. My liver and my pancreas
completely healed and rebuilt. I'm not part of that genetic pool anymore.

Q: Could that also be....good complications to the hepatitis,
like it kind of calmed that down so its not a factor anymore?

A: Hepatitis is the last defense of the liver to try to cleanse itself.
You can't, because it's so toxic. It's mainly toxic among people who are drug
users and alcohol abusers because it damages the liver. You hold the alcohols
terribly or you're using cocaine or amyl nitrate. Any of those kind of things
that go to the liver, then the bacteria and the parasites can no longer clean
the liver. So the only thing left is virus. You have to remember that bacteria
and parasites, they consume the decaying tissue or dead tissue, and reduce it to
a very small fraction of waste Like - we may eat seven to fourteen pounds of
food a day and eliminate one to half to a one pound of feces the next day. So
we've reduced it tremendously.

Well bacteria and parasites can reduce the ratio of a hundred to one. They take
in a hundred times their weight then reduce it to 1% waste product. That's
fantastic! So we want those bacteria, we want the parasites to consume that,
because when we use virus, they're not alive, there's no consumption, there's no
alteration. There are just the protein bodies that go in there and disassemble
it. Then the lymph system is responsible to dissolve it further and to perspire
it out the skin. ...or take it out through the tears ducts, mucus membranes and
ear wax.

Q: Sounds to me ... if I'm hearing you correctly ... over the
last couple times I've heard you, it sounds to me like the medical profession is
actually in the business of interrupting the bodies natural processes.

A: Absolutely, absolutely.

Q: I've got a question to add. About bacteria; what is the
difference between aerobic and anaerobic? And the way that you look at it? I
mean, I've read a lot of anaerobic, because they don't use oxygen, they produce
very very strong toxins. While the ones of aerobic are very healthy for the
body.... and we have a lot of them in our.... uh, they really help the body to
detoxify. But when it becomes anaerobic this is something completely different.
For example, the bacteria that are in the teeth - they are devastating. I mean,
they almost killed me four months ago. So there is a difference between one
bacteria and another bacteria, depending on what mode of toxins they are
producing. You said they are a using the waste, but I think probably this only
applies to aerobic ones which are using the oxygen.

A: Nope.

Q: So what you do about the toxins that are almost killed me four
months ago, I mean I couldn't live with those in my mouth and then....

A: Well you could, you had so much toxicity and not enough of the right
nutrients to break it down. And if you don't have the right nutrients, your body
can't support itself in its natural function.

Q: Whatever the toxin was....

A: I had seven root canals and I'm almost sixty years old and I don't
have any problem with it.

Q: Your body is detoxifying properly, you have the means of
detoxify, your liver, your kidney, your skin, they're all working. And your
immunity system handles them properly....

A: Correct.

Q: But if you are in a toxic state, than that's a different
story. Then we could say the bacteria would not be a good thing then....

A: That's right. The bacteria is always good. It's just - are you going
to work with the bacteria or are you going to work against it? If you work with
it, you eat properly, to make sure your body cleanses and heals properly. Simple
as that. If you don't, if you want to continue french fries and potato chips and
cereals and garbage food, then you're going to invite the non-healing and the
non-proper-detoxification of your body and you're going to have problems with
those particular bacteria. But the bacteria are not the problem.

Q: Could he have reversed that? With proper diet and all of a
sudden when he changed his diet.....

A: It could have taken about a year.

Q: Is there any acceptable invasive measure? Obviously, his
toxicity was so high that they, somebody expected it to take his life. Is there
some other acceptable modality to be a little more invasive in the beginning to
sort of even the playing field and then go back to the more natural?

A: Well, it's everybody's risk, how they want to do it. You take the
antibiotics to do it, you destroy your digestibilities with the chance you'll
lose your taste buds? You'll lose your ability to digest anything. You know,
there your taking your chances. So would you rather take a chance on the
localized infection or would you rather take a chance on polluting the entire
system and breaking it down? It's up to you. It's an individual course and I
certainly, I encourage people to use the natural course rather the unnatural
course because the side effects will be a lot less and they're a lot less
complicated to get well if you're following the natural.

Q: In his case, he was being told that his life was being
threatened, that's kind of a harsh thing......

A: I hear that bull shit all the time. Doctors are loaded with that. That
is their modus Operandi....this is dangerous, you know how many times I was told
I was in danger. I went through the chemo therapy and everything. They said,
'you're absolutely going to die; you gotta take this chemo'. 'You only have 1%
chance of living, but which you have to take it'. 1% chance of living? 1%? And
you want me to poison myself, vomit everyday more, lose my hair more, crawl
around like a worm? And that's the way you want me to live? You know, its an
absurdity.

Q: I couldn't live without them....

A: Well no, you're pretty healthy. I think you would have made it.

A: Very easily as a matter a fact.

Q: I don't know, I don't know....

A: I'm talking about these feeble old people that are going around like
this, those are the kind that won't make it Because they just don't have enough
strength and nutrients in their bodies, even if they go on a raw diet to clean
out for maybe five years. They can't endure that.

Q: So how would he have gotten a good second opinion, to counter
act the first diagnosis.....?

A: There's no way he would have gotten a good second opinion. They're all
freaked out; they're all indoctrinated.

Q: So you have a hard choice to make?

A: Yeah

Q: The problem is, they get good results and the patients really
get recovered, yand they go on a, a healthy diet. They really recover very
quickly and they and everyone says it was their... They don't give the credit to
the diet, the contraction......

A: The contraction.... but you also have to understand that once that
tooth is gone, they use an implant. A non human body implant. Yeah, and they
screw it and they drill out the bone, and then they put this mechanical device
in there. I say, listen, I got my own tooth, its not alive anymore, its their
root canal. I'd rather have a post in my own tooth connected to my bone, rather
than a foreign object.

Q: Yes and no, You see its a bacteria, and the bacteria produces
these toxins, in my case I just couldn't handle it anymore.

Other:Ya, but if your going to put something metal in your mouth

Q: I didn't. And I wouldn't.

Other: No, he's talking about implants.

Q: And that's of course. You see the fact is there are a lot of
good doctors now that they tell you that this is not a good idea. Don't put that
in, they will put something removable, but they wont put that back, you know.
And maybe science will come up with something they can, you know, compatible
with the body.... not metal, metal produces electrical currents and that's why
it causes that thinking and all that. But a lot of good doctors have said yeah,
but a lot will tell you no, the metal not a good idea. So that we are fortunate,
because we are trained, but there are still, you know, there's a lot a lot of
controversy about should we leave that dead tooth there if that is dead. Its not
only the toxins, its infected body.....

A: Do you know how many people die from infections, root infections, of
root canal infections a year?

Q: A lot, according to my doctor a lot. He's got statistics.

A: Ya, well his statistics aren't true.

Q: He's seen it over 35 years, you cannot ignore that. You know,
this guy, you know I've read a lot of his books and he has 34, 35 years of
following this and he know that this, this is the, uh, especially mercury and
all that.....

A: How many patients has he seen in his lifetime?

Q: Maybe a hundred thousand.

A: He's seen a hundred thousand people?

Other: He wrote a paper on the mercury? Aajonus: I know who he is, I've read
his books.

Q: A lot of people died. Some people were on the operation table
and they pulled that piece out and they recovered. They were dying, a lot of
people were dying from heart attack, all kind of stuff.

Other: He does say that it does cause other problems with the heart......

A: That is a theory, it is not proved. If you go into the heart and you
bisect the heart after the person dies, and you find that same infection, in the
heart, you can address it to that. That will be causative of it in the person's
death. I've looked at that research, it wasn't there. He makes assumptions,
without scientific proof. And you can't do that. A lot of people drop dead of
heart attacks from all different kind of things.

Q: And also the toxins themselves will affect the meridian, and
kind of slaughter heart where.....

A: Any kind of illness will do that.

Q: Yes - but I mean, that isn't enough information to put one's
fingers on it. But the proof is there, you pull that root canal out, immediately
the patient ,in five minutes, he recovers.

A: That's in so few people.

Q: He got thousands!!

A: I've seen thousands of people who have had root canals taken and it
didn't take care of the problem.

Q: No, because the problem is not just the toxins, okay? The
problem is not just the toxins, you have to get rid of all the munitions of
toxins, people who have root canals usually-

A: You're playing both sides of the fence, you can't do that!

Q: No! No! I'm completely neutral here, believe me, I get it. I
have to, I have to be.

Other: (asks question)

Q: Pardon me?

Other: I had all my root canals out and it didn’t get better at all....

Q: I know, But I did. Like I did, I had all this kind of flu
symptoms I don't know, I have to be the middle edge you see, because I follow
your program, and I'm also seeing what the teeth problem is. In my case, I was
eating your program for two months, and I didn't really got over it. What I was
eating, I was eating all this,, the minute, these guys went out, I recover. I
recover, these flu symptoms went away. But no, there are lot of other things,
toxins are still in my body, and now we need probably, who knows, one year, six
months, I don't know, depending on what I'm going to do. And, but you know, they
are not.

(laughter in the background)

A: Forty years.

Q: Maybe, yes, who knows. Okay?

A: Let me give you an example. Okay when I had radiation, it rotted all
the bone around my teeth. All my teeth dangled, so if I bit down on my own
teeth, I bled. I bled up to half a cup a day sometimes. I had to have a
transfusion twice because of the amount of blood I lost. So I had to suck
everything through a straw. And that's the way I had to eat for two and half
years. They told me that those infections were going to kill me because I
already had a heart condition. They said it was going to go to my brain because
I had the cancer and the lymphoma. They told me all these kind of horror
stories. And they're full of it, and they're saying this person happened here,
and this happened over there, they are so full of shit! They do not have the
true science. If you're going to say it kills somebody in the heart, I better
find that infection in the heart that was here in the heart. If it doesn't
exist, its an assumption.

Q: But doctor Price, and um, Price and who was the other guy?

A: Price is not a scientist. Price is a researcher, he came to really
broad conclusions. Pottenger was the scientist. Pottenger was the scientist.

Q: But they found the toxins in those organs. Once they pulled
the implanted teeth, they actually found the same, whatever was happening to
that guy, when his teeth was there, [inaudible...].

A: If you take a chip of that tooth and you plant it in somebody's organ,
the infection is going to be there.

Q: Of course.

A: But that doesn't mean it traveled from here in the human body, while
it was alive, to the heart. That's what I'm saying. The only way you can prove
it, I can take, I can take a piece of mustard and implant it in your heart and
cause you a heart attack.

Q: But there is enough evidence now that from their research that
this toxin travels but you know they even travel on the axions from the nervous
systems.

A: There is no scientific evidence! There are no autopsies to prove that.
There's no laboratory tests from those autopsies to prove that. It's a huge
assumption.

Q: I don't have the references, okay? I think Dr.... would have
them. He would not put them in his books, this guy is a very very prestigious
guy okay? And I've read his books....

Q: Which one? Have you read his book “MS”?

Other: I was there when he wrote it.....

Q: Well finish reading it, I just finished reading it and it says
all these toxins travel over you know over many channels in the body. Not just
the nervous system.

A: When he's making, there's no proof, he has no evidence of that. That's
the problem. (whole room begins to talk over each other)

Q: He says-

A: I talked to him twelve years ago and he didn't have the evidence, open
up your mind!! He doesn't have the evidence! He's making an assumption!

Q: I will ask him next time.

A: ...That it crosses barriers and paths, there's no evidence that it
does.

Q: But the results are there. The toxins are traveling to the
brain and they are using...

A: I didn't say it doesn't travel to the brain. Not to the heart.

Q: A toxic body, these things can happen, and in a healthy body,
they are eating well, of course. They're the materials that will wash this
toxins, will help the kidneys, that will help them, these things are of course.
These two ideas are not against each other. , if you are on a good diet,
definitely. Even he says that; that's why he has a book on good diet, but its
not 100% he says...

A: (laughter) His diet sucks that's right.

Q: It doesn't suck, he says, also that you should eat as raw as
possible. You know, his ideas are solid, you know. He's very close to what you
are thinking about raw diet and everything and eating more raw diet, okay? Maybe
not 100%, alright? But, pardon me?

Q: No he's not promoting it 100% of course, but he's saying, raw
diet is good for you. The more raw it is, the better for you. But the enzymes
are...

A: But see he doesn't even know that.

Q: He does.

A: He's coming to conclusions based on not experience. See, I didn't
accept anything unless I got the experience in it. And I waited 28 years
experience with a raw diet before I ever came out with a book.

Q: What do you mean by experience?

A: You've got to see people change on a raw diet, you've got to document
it, he hasn't done that.

Q: He's a dentist!

Other: How many people has he seen that he's gotten well, that he's followed,
you're focused in on one person and reading one book, I'm just saying-

Q: I'm not.

Other: You need, like he said, to broaden your horizons, after your iridology
then talk to your doctor. I'd just like to move on.

A: Ya, we're going to have to, definitely. So we'll get to everyone's
questions. Do you have a question?

Q: I guess with viruses, the only question I have - I watch a
virus move through an office with tremendous predictability. It sure appears
contagious to me. I watch the people who, I know their diets aren't that great,
are soon to get sicker. I get about somewhere in the middle. How can it be that
this isn't contagious? Was it like hundredth monkey syndrome?

A: How many millions of roosters crow at sunrise? Does the crowing of the
roosters bring up the sunrise?

Q: No

A: Okay, just like it said in my book, all viruses are environmentally
appropriate for a specific time. For a specific tissue. So a lot of people are
going to get it, because its a climatic event. Its like bears come out of
hibernation, and they come out of hibernation first here in the states, as we
get up into Canada, a month later. Well those must, those bears must be
contagious. Because they're coming out of hibernation as they come in contact
all the way up to Alaska. People have to detoxify because everybody's eating
toxicity and everybody's in the toxic environment absorbing poisons and
pollution - environmental pollution - in their food, every day. People have to
have those viruses to clean because they're too toxic to utilize bacteria and
parasites and even those are infections that normally occur cyclically. And if
they're not specific to a certain tissue, then the body is going to detoxify
everything at one time.

Q: Well, if everyone in the office is getting ill, is that some
kind of a biological mass hysteria maybe? Everybody triggers the same problem
all at once because they're close to each other?

A: No, no, no.

Q: I don't understand

A: It's just a natural process. If you go into a school, half the kids
won't get it, or even more than half don't get it. Its usually two thirds of the
kids will not get the flu but one third does. That's the average.

Q: There is also an energetic factor. I mean, I like what you
said in your book,

A: Lets, wait a minute, I can't have you answering questions here because
then we won't have time. Okay? There are a lot of other reasons, but we're just
talking about my particular perspective, okay? There's a lot of other things
about it. People can have psychological problems, burn up their nutrients in
anxiety. They can do drugs, there's all kinds of other problems, but it all
comes down to toxicity. When they've got the toxicity in their system, they need
to clean. If they can't use bacteria and virus, I mean bacteria and parasites,
they have to use virus. And there are a lot more symptoms with virus, because
its not reducing the contamination by consuming it and reducing it - it is just
breaking it apart and dispersing it. Its like you using soap in a solvent with
water. You clean it up and you still got the same amount of contaminated water.
Because you've dissolved the toxicity. It isn't like you consumed it and here
you've got an excrement that is a minute amount of what it is you consume. So
viruses are very toxic. They've got a lot of waste products that have to be
neutralized by the lymphatic system and the rest of the system. But again it is
all cyclical. People are getting the same virus because that is the appropriate
time. And if they have enough toxicity and maybe they're well enough, they can
go through it. Those who don't get to go through it, maintain that waste, and
that particular tissue of the body and they just get more toward a more advanced
disease.

Q: If someone has a particular [ ] is it also specific to
different areas in the body that need to be detoxed in that particular person?
For instance, if someone - or a lot of people en masse - needs to have a liver
detox. ...And because of whatever environmental effect, that a particular virus
may be just the appropriate virus to detox that. So all those people happen to
get it.

A: Okay, take a look at the black plague. You know the notable black
plague that everybody refers to. It didn't happen in the farm land. It happened
in London and the big cities all over. Every block you had at least, either one
black smith or a silver maker, or a jeweler - a silver smith they called them
then. What else were they burning in those days? Oh a waste-burning incinerator.
So one of these occurred on every block. All this smog and fog laid heavy in the
cities. Everybody was getting polluted heavily. Especially with all these metal
poisonings. That black plague was a reaction of all the heavy metals in the
lungs. It didn't happen to the farmers because they had plenty of fresh air
around. It was only those people who left the cities and went out to the farm
land and those people who went out off to the cosmopolitan of societies that had
it.

Q: So is that answering my question, a yes?

A: Yes. Do you have a question ma'am?

Q: I have a little dog. I just got it. It's a year and a half
old, and it's had its flu's, I mean its had its shots and all that stuff before
its processed foods. It got lost from its owner about two months ago and came
back with little kind of bald spots and now they're kind of growing. Kind of
polka dotted all over, little bald spots, a little bit dry. it's on the raw diet
now. Do you know what it could be and how, and if it could, how I might treat
it?

A: It's difficult, because when they give a dog vaccines, for a little
animal, they're giving a hundred times what should even be conceptually be given
to them. So the amount of thimerosal, the amount of aluminum, the amount of
formaldehyde that's getting into the nervous systems is pretty extravagant.

When I was ten years old, I was very fond of animals. And none of them went
into rear end paralysis. They didn't go into tremblings. When they died, they
just died, and naturally. Pretty easily, some of them died of heart disease or a
seizure or something like that. But I see animals now where they're only 6 and 7
years old and they'll become completely crippled, all on the back end. And it's
phenomenal the amount that are doing it.

It's from the vaccines that get into their nervous system. It is difficult to
get it out because one or two molecules of mercury, the body can take out at a
time and it can take up to 20,000 fat cells or 10,000 white blood cells. Carry
it, one to two molecules of mercury at a time, in a pin head you can have two
million molecules of mercury. You know, so getting an animal well from vaccines
is not going to be a likely thing because they're not going to eat the coconut
cream to do it. Dogs and cats are very strict on their diet, so they're not
going to eat what it takes. Dogs are a little bit easier, because they're a
scavenger. But the best thing you can do to help the nervous system is to give
them fish. Dogs wont eat a lot fish, so you know to detoxify. Coconut cream is
something you can probably get them to eat more of, to help detoxify it.

Q: So you think that that came from vaccines even though he came
back from being lost for a week with spots suddenly coming up? We thought maybe
it was stress.

A: Well you know, everybody talks about stress in our society. Dogs live
out in the wild naturally. I mean, everything that wild lives out in a very
stressful environment. When I lived outdoors for three years it was the most
stressful thing I'd ever gone through. And I thought that living with my brother
and father would be the most stressful thing I'd ever live through and it wasn't
because I had the sun to deal with everyday. I had the cold of the night to deal
with every day. And I had cancer of the blood and bone and limb. So cold just
crippled me. And it was very agonizing and just living out in the elements every
day was quite a feat. And I had to find food. That is stressful you know. Your
dog can get into garbage cans and get all kinds of food, there's not much
stress. Dogs that live in our environment are pretty good scavengers. Not bad,
but if he had to go out into the desert and hunt for a rabbit or something, that
would be a lot of stress on him. And when you have patches of toxicity like
that - if you've taken those scrapings like I have over the years and you
analyze them - I've always found concentrations of mercury and formaldehyde if
its recent. I've never found formaldehyde as a residue that stays in the body
for a very long period of time. And I've never found a scaly area from a dog or
a cat that had formaldehyde residues over a year after a vaccine. But up to a
year I have. After that its always been, you know, mercury or the aluminum
coming out through the skin. And most often the concentrations are highest in
mercury. If you see gray hairs come out at the same time, there's usually more
concentrations of aluminum from the vaccines.

Q: I was feeding him a little raw food. It was my neighbor's dog
at the time before I adopted him. I was feeding a little raw food around that
time. I wonder if it was detoxing him.

A: Probably was.

Q: I found that he started losing his fur. So just the diet that
you read and recommended.

A: Or just that he was intuitively, he was starting to detox and you
caught on to it and started helping him beause he may not have made it through
such a detox without certain foods.

Q: So fish and coconut cream.

A: Ya, will, to get rid of those kind of toxicities, but if you want to
help the skin heal, he needs honey and butter.

Q: Not the lubrication formula?

A: Well, the lemon juice formula doesn't really advance the dogs, you
know; it just complicates it. It is better to just have butter and honey.

Q: He doesn't love it, butter and honey, okay.

Q: I just recently started. I'm trying to do the primitive diet, I read your
books, and previous to reading them I had experienced living in Japan for 6
years. I've had odd periods of flu-like symptoms that would last up to four or
five weeks with fevers that wouldn't go away, and other odd symptoms - some
swelling, and some odd things that at that time I took antibiotics for. I think
I went to a clinic and they gave me some medication for it but since being on
the raw primitive diet...

A: Now think about this: virus are not alive. At least two thirds of the doctors
out there know that antibiotics are useless for a virus. Yet they still - even
though they know they're not appropriate - are idiotic with it.

Q: I had to really cure the fever but the fever finally left. I
just have a lot of bad side effects to whatever the medications were they gave
me. Since being on the primitive diet I haven't been perfect. Once or twice a
week I've gone off, but it seems like my body's instead of going a couple weeks
and kind of then slowly detoxing it seems like after three, even two to four
days, I start like lurching into these flu-like symptoms, like really heavy
flu-like symptoms. With a lot of pain, very very quickly. It'll last for a while
and then I seem to subside for a week or two and then come back again. So
obviously I'm detoxifying but I guess my question is, is that normal or is that?

A: Its normal for people who are as thin as you are.

Q: For me? Oh because of being thin.

A: You have no fats to absorb those poisons. So the body goes into live
cells to rip fat from them.

Q: Is that where the pain is coming from?

A: Yes. Because it goes in and damages the nerves.

Q: Because I feel like something is it eating me alive sometimes.

A: It's taking you apart; its pulling the fats out. That's why I say in
the book toget fat, get overweight.

Q: So just keep consuming whatever? It's such a new concept for
me! I'm really just learning about it. I feel like I am doing it, but evidently
I don't seem to be gaining any weight so I don't know.

A: I would say do scheduled eating plan two in the recipe book and do it
diligently. You'll gain weight.

Q: But other than that, everything's, that's, so the body will
detoxify slower that way.

A: The body is not going to detoxify properly if you don't have enough
fats. It's going to recirculate a lot of the poisons. They're not going to leave
the system. A lot of them won't.

Q: Oh okay, alright, so I need to just get on the fat.

A: Yep.

Q: Okay

A: Increase your fats, gain weight.

Q: It's hard.

A: You know everybody wanted to be skinny and all the actors had to be
like John Travolta but look at Travolta now. He's a...he's a bear.

Q: Yes he is.

A: He doesn't give a shit now and he eats raw meat and he eats the raw
butter.

Q: He does?

A: Yeah.

Q: Wow!

A: One of his counselors told me two weeks ago that he doesn't do the
Primal Diet fully but he now eats the raw meat and raw butter.

Q: Is that like a permanent life condition? Is he big like that?

A: no, you can see I'm not big anymore . I still am a little bit more
testy. I'm usually able to handle the confrontation with somebody.

A: With a little bit more...with a little bit more grace than I did
today, you know when I have more weight. I still prefer to be overweight and I'm
on my way.

A: Do you have a question?

Q: Yeah, I wanted to ask about heart arrhythmias.

A: It's Just that your heart beats to a different drummer; it enjoys a
different tune.

Q: Oh.

A: So funny... My father - he only listened to me twice in his life.
You've got a heart arrhythmia, I said. You know, it's no big thing. You know,
your heart is just skipping a beat or adding a beat here a beat there, who
cares? How many beats does your heart go through a day? And is that a bad thing
for it to miss? Sometimes I miss taking breaths, you know people go to sleep and
all of a sudden they stop breathing and they go [sharp intake of breath] you
know but do they die because of it? No!! You know just don't worry about it.
Thank God his cardiologist told him the same thing! But the only reason he
listened to me was because he listened to the cardiologist. The cardiologist
said stop counting and that was it. My father's lived with this arrhythmia for -
let's see... he was diagnosed with it at sixty one and he'll be ninety next
year...so...no problems at all.

Q: When they talk about valve prolapse, is there anyway to
rebuild that or should we worry about it?

A: Well, a prolapse isn't good if it blocks your blood flow.

A: A prolapse is like your anus turning inside out or your vagina turning
inside out. So that can cause blockage and congestion and that is a
severeprotein deficiency because of some kind of toxicity in the localized area.
So it's a matter of cleaning it and then eating enough protein to rebuild it. If
you want to focus on any area, like I say in the We Want To Live book, always
put a hot water bottle wherever you want to concentrate the body's focus of
cleansing and healing - because it increases circulation to that area. So you
just sleep with a couple of hot water bottles under your armpits.

Q: no pressure?

A: If you are sleeping on your sides, you put it here - under the back - with
two pillows in between to keep the heat in. Then it'll focus on repairing there
quicker.

Q: With gout, can you eat unlimited amounts of raw meat or just a
little bit?

A: Gout only comes from high uric acid from cooked meat

Q: So not at all from..not from...

A: Well, you can cause a detoxification of the stored uric acid by eating
too much red meat.

A: So if you have a higher ratio of more alkalizing minerals like in
fish, it attracts some of those acids out of there so there's less soreness and
swelling. Also, eating cheese draws it to the intestine.

Q: Oh, okay.

A: Those will help reduce the discomfort.

Q: Oh, thank you.

A: Its okay; you are welcome. Sir do you have a question?

Q: Does salmonella...is it detrimental...does it have a
relationship to flu's and virus?

A: No - flu's are always viral or bacterial. Salmonella can be involved
in some cleansing processes. But when you are talking about flu's and viruses
(it's virus) - virus does not involve bacteria. But there are two thousand three
hundred and I think twenty three forms of salmonella. When you didn't have a
bath to get into and soak, salmonella ate all the dead skin on your body.
Trillions and trillions of salmonella are in your nose eating boogers.
Salmonella are your cleansers of the surface and salmonella doesn't occur
internally. They're aerobic bacteria and they just eat up all the contamination
on the outside of the body.

Q: So if I eat a piece of chicken with salmonella on it - it's no
big deal?

A: No, it's good. You're just going to break them down and digest them.
They're just going to be protein in your body because salmonella doesn't live
internally. It can be in the stomach, but you'll never find it outside of the
intestine and stomach because they are aerobic bacteria that require oxygen.

M:okay

Q: Can you explain a little bit about the honey and butter, and
butter in general?

A: Okay, we'll I go over it. In the book, when I talk about the fats,
butter is the easiest fat for the liver to digest and to assimilate. It makes
somewhere around forty six cholesterols from butter. That leaves out almost a
third of the cholesterols that help the nervous system. Only from cream can the
liver make the ones for the - unless you are eating fish - cholesterols which
clean, sooth and heal the nervous system from the cream. The butter is two
thirds more important than cream because it gets to the outer regions, you know
the skin, the bones, the lymph and connective tissue and tendons.

If you feed the body only cream, those get very lax and very lazy. If you look
at the Fulani tribe - who lives ninety or ninety five percent on raw milk only
and don't make butter - they have a looser tissue and they have discolorations
of the skin.

Q: What's their name?

A: Fulani tribes...in Africa. So they show signs that their skin does not
get fed as easily. I did laboratory tests on animals, feeding them only the raw
cream... aside from raw milk and raw butter. The ones that were eating the cream
had a tendency to have more dry skin. The ones that ate the butter did not have
dry skin. When you have the honey and butter together...honey has a lot of an
insulin-like substance. When the bee collects the nectar, he swallows it and it
manufactures and produces an insulin-like substance that converts ninety percent
of the carbohydrate into enzymes protein structures which are no longer
carbohydrate bound. Even though its still looks like a carbohydrate, it acts –
behaves - completely differently. It will help break down protein structures,

I've been experimenting with honey in getting rid of wrinkles and lines and
thickness of skin because of that reaction for the last year. I have one fellow
who had elephant neck. He's only sixty years old and he's been mainly on this
diet for about...since nineteen seventy nine and he looks good everywhere. His
hair is just as black as black can be. He is an Italian. His hair is just black
and not a gray hair on him but he's got this elephant neck skin.

So I told him too start putting saliva with honey on his neck and in five
months it had reduced by two thirds already. The thickness of my forehead - the
wrinkles on my forehead - I don't know if you remember how thick that was. And
right here when I smiled I had these huge islands that were part of these lines.
Almost all the islands are gone. That's from putting saliva and honey on there
only two days a week for a twenty four hour period. It's dissolving and helps
predigest things. It helps digest and break down. That's why I like people using
lots of honey as long as its unheated. That insulin-like substance is destroyed
at about - starts being destroyed at - ninety three degrees. By the time you hit
a hundred degrees, its pretty inactivated. So the honey has to be truly
unheated.

Q: one hundred?

A: One hundred - completely un-activated - so it goes back into high
carbohydrate.

Q: does that work for cellulite?

Aajonus Yes it works on everything. So far I've used it on warts and tumors I
had a guy (a young boy -l twenty seven years old - he's a young boy to me); he's
a musician and a very good musician and you know I get to go to his concerts
once in a while when he comes into town. He's always in this atmosphere smoke
and that atmosphere smoke is an oil, an evaporated oil. I was waiting for the
day that he's going to have a bad reaction from that. I kept telling him about
them and he broke out with a cancer tumor under the left eye – here - that was
pretty big. I've dealt with tumors like that, that take the nose away and remove
all the area around an eye. I thought I'm going to see what I can do. I know
that E Coli works so putting buffalo shit or you know cow shit or some shit on
it is going to help keep the tumor down. However, there's no healing property
that goes along with that fecal matter so it can irritate and irritate the area
even though it keeps the tumor subdued. So I got him to use the saliva. I used
water and honey; it doesn't work. But saliva and honey works so I had him use
that on the tumor and he's kept that tumor at just a fraction of the size and I
just got an email with the latest pictures because he's documenting it. In the
latest pictures, the tumor is completely gone. It took a year but it's
completely gone. That's from breathing all that garbage that got clogged in his
sinuses and was around the eye and in here, producing tumors.

That oil that they use for evaporation mist is made of vegetable oils and
vegetable oils in the human body will crystallize. A vegetarian... a herbivore
has a body temperature of a hundred and one to a hundred and two degrees and it
can keep vegetable oils liquid but in our systems in five to twenty five, thirty
years it is crystallized. That's what's causing all the hardening of the
arteries and the heart and the systems; itis your vegetable oils not animal
fats. All the tribes who eat only meat and animal products, even if they're
cooked, have no heart disease and no arterialsclerosis. So it's another myth
that the USDA, along with the oil industry, is creating.

Q: What does it mean to have lots of mucus?

A: Detoxification starts any time excess mucus is caused by poisons
entering the mucus membrane for detoxification.

Q: Does the butter and honey cause more mucus?

A: Well, it has that ability - depending on, with the cholesterols the
liver makes and obviously the body wants - to detoxify with the butter and honey
mixture. Iit's got that dissolving property. It probably helps form a virus.

Q: yeah, yeah

Aajonus yeah...yeah, but if its too uncomfortable you just minimize it

Q: Yeah, cream also?

A: Yeah, but it would be neurological.

Q: How do you do the application?

A: You just put the saliva on the area. First, put it on your finger,
just to get a very small amount of it. Put more saliva on top of that. Just rub
it in till its just a very thin layer of honey and the stickiness should be
absorbed and gone within about five or six hours.

Q: Does that work on dryness?

A: Yes it does. I've been using it on even cases like psoriasis. It heals
it even quicker.

Q: Any ways to make makeup or lipstick?

A: Well, I've mentioned some you know in the books. Take berries and make
your lips dark you know dark berries, blue berries.

Q: Eye liner?

Aajonus Tattoos I suggest people get tattoos that's what I say. You tattoo it
on. It's there for your life.

Q: And mascara?

A: Oh that; just use egg white.

Q: For what? (laughing in background)

A: ... for mascara, just use egg white. Brush it on. It thickens and
hardens and darkens.

Q: You know what: I use is royal jelly mixed with carob powder.
It's a perfect mascara and it never runs. I've been using that for about three
years.

Yeah, royal jelly with a little herb. I just discovered that and its also a
great hair gel because all you need is just need a tiny touch of it. It's
cheaper than regular hair gel.

A: But you are thinner. You may not perspire a lot. A lot of people
perspire around the eyes and that will leak into the eye and it'll cause some
burning for probably fifty percent of people. If you start eating more fat,
start having the same problem.but egg white brushed on is actually excellent for
that.

Q: Can you explain?

A: It thickens the eye lashes and as long as you don't sit there and go
like this with it. They're not going to crumble into that white powdery stuff.
You don't sit there - like some men do and twirl your mustache - twirl your
eyelashes do you? You'd think you'd have to worry about that. It thickens them
and darkens them and if you want to make them even darker you could put some
blackberry juice with an egg white and put it on there. It'll darken it.

Q: lipstick application?

A: No, just straight. It will actually stain the lips for the day; it'll
stain the lips for the day.

Q: (Inaudible question)

A: if you sit there and lick your lips all day its going to come off
quicker cause then it will never stick, it'll just come right off I tried every
things so just using straight...

Q: he's a cross dresser (more laughter and voices)

A: You can take the raspberry juice and just put it on your cheeks for
rouge, your chin wherever else... do you have a question?

A: if somebody's getting cold shall we go in? Yeah. lets go in. Grab your
tape recorders.

A: I have not been able to study the phytoplankton yet.

Q: it seemed to be giving some people many things do but this
marine plankton seems to have extremely...he was growing them for his shellfish
that's how it happened, he had...he grew shellfish up in BritishColumbia and he
wanted to be able to feed them so he started making phytoplankton in huge
bins..so then started eating it and he had a cancer very gruesome in his lung
like the asbestos and they said he didn't have long to live and he just
inadvertently started eating the phytoplankton a teaspoon a day and he was ready
to go for the operation they said it wouldn't help him to live much longer but
and when they had a look two months later the tumor had become benign. That's
happened to many people but I just wanted to say people are asking me about it
and I said well I don't know I mean it's best if you're on a good diet but if
you're able to get there on your own well...

A: Well you know it'd be a hard product to get. It took me four years to
get a supply of fresh algae water down here where the algae wasn't dry. They
normally dry it. It's out in four gallon buckets to do experiments with for one
year. One year of experiments with the fresh algae doesn't give you enough data.
You can't draw any conclusions.

Q: Right, yeah.

A: I worked with this diet twenty eight years before I wrote the book

Q: I understand, I just thought you might have had people asking
(you just another quick one) - Organic Pastures people. I have heard a rumor
that the only thing organic about Organic Pastures is the label but I think
that's extreme. I wanted you to sort of...we could be more out there with people
who are saying, one or two who know if anythings going on up there?

A: Well, Mark is not all that ethical. Mark is the man who owns it, I've
watched him over the years feed them cooked oats, cooked organic oats, I don't
give a shit if they're organic or not. If you're cooking them, you know, you
don't feed cooked grains to animals. You know so. He was feeding them organic
rice bran cause he could get it so cheap, Gibberellic acid causes swelling and
it causes the milk to be very bitter. He just does a lot of things that are in
his best monetary interest, his gain interest, rather than for the people he
services, as a product.

Q: ... but is it good enough still to be taken?

A: We don't have anything better. I mean it's better than Claravale
because at least mainly their diet is grass, fresh grass.

Q: Is it still grass? Somebody told me there wasn't much grass in
the summer at times.

A: Oh, hes got a sprinkler system on there. I've walked the land.

Q: Good, that's what I wanted to hear.

A: There's grass all year round. He spends more on water irrigating well
water in the sprinklers. He has a sprinkler system for those pastures. He
rotates them on to the different pastures you know. He does; he's very good at
that. He's just not good at being honest and caring in the feed that he gives
them while he milks. So they may get two to three cups of grain a day - that may
not be the best grain in the world - while he milks them.

Q: Oh, I see.

A: You've got to distract the cow when your milking them by getting them
to eat grain; they love grain.

Q: What's the problem with Claravale?

A: Claravale gets nothing green or raw. It's all bailed hay. They don't
get a blade of green grass; nothing is grazed about those animals. They're in a
small area but still better than pasteurized air.

Q: So now theres no more cocoa cream... right?

A: Coconut cream? there is . You just have to make it.

Q: Just with the information given today, about the honey and
butter, did you do any honey, butter, cream combinations that helped make up for
the lack of coconut cream?

A: Coconut cream is about sixty percent solvent reactive that means its
sixty percent cleansing when you use the honey, butter and cream mixtures. It
all depends upon what your liver wants. You've got no say so.

Q: Is there any hope for us without coconut cream?

A: Put up a three by five card at the high schools, for somebody who
likes to break things... eight dollars an hour. Once every five to six weeks,
they juice it for you and there you have it. That's the only way to get it. Or
you take the time to do it yourself, one day every five to six weeks.

Q: Is the coconut cream ok if its old and rancid?

A: Absolutely! It's even more effective but it doesn't go rancid.

Q: ...just sour?

A: ... soured and fermented

Q: Whats the best way to use coconut cream?

A: It depends on what you want to do.

Q: How should we use...

A: Well, in the recipe book, I recommend it for detoxification. If you
want to detoxify heavy metals you use dark berries in the coconut cream .

A: If you want to break down intestinal toxicity and thick tissue and the
heavy scar tissue in the intestines, you use coconut cream and pineapple.

Q: Can you use it by itself? Just the coconut cream?

A: You can use it with anything. I usually never eat it alone. You need
something to direct it to a particular area. If you eat it alone, its not a bad
thing. You're just letting your body decide what nutrients it's going to use to
detoxify. Lets say you have the cucumber and coconut cream mixture; that's great
for detoxing the nervous system. The pineapple and coconut cream is also helpful
for dissolving lymphatic plaque; that's why I have it for the lymphatic bath.

Q: What are the berries for?

A: Getting rid of metals, dark berries for getting rid of heavy metals,
raspberries are for getting rid of the lighter metals like iodine and aluminum.

Q: How much coconut cream should you have?

A: It depends on the person's body weight and fat level.

Q: ... about three or four ounces maybe?

A: I would say for your size, I wouldn't go over three ounces. You might
get nauseous. Most people your size are beginning the diet at two and a half
ounces, till they've been on there a while then it's up to three ounces.

Q: It's not that hard to juice coconuts.

A: I know.

Q: I do it all the time.

A: It just takes time. You have to be patent.

Q: Have a coconut cream party!

A: That's a good way. If you need team effort to do it yeah, that'll save
you more work.

Q: Just throw it in the juicer...that's it?

Q: You've got to cut it small. You've got to cut it small.

Q: Break it out of it's shell...

A: Break it out of it's shell...

Q: ...Cut it small...yeah...little bit at a time...

A: Well, in the latest version of the book, I said you can cut it, chop
it and then put it into a food processor and grate it, rapidly, and then you
just put that into the juicer and its even quicker.

Q: yeah...right

A: That is a little bit quicker than putting in slices and putting
it...you know...into the juicer.

Q: yeah

A: ...because the slicing takes time and you have to slice it thinly like
that.

Q: And I don't take the brown off. I don't know if anyone else
does

A: I don't. It takes too much time.

Q: and it's good?

A: there are great B vitamins in it

Q: good

A: if somebody is going to make a birthday cake and they want it to look
presentable then that's good. That's the only time I would peel the brown off of
the coconut

Q: They sell those shells dry and sun dried. I came across those.
I've seen them in stock. I have to ask of course what kind of processing they
have. I mean if you buy them, they're dry. I don't know how much good they do.
Can you still squeeze them?

A: You mean there is no water inside or...

Q: No, there's no water inside of course. They've been dried and
they have no shell.

A: Oh you don't want those. They won't juice well at all. We want firm
and moist, hard and moist because ifits soft, you're not going to get a lot of
juice unless you run the pulp through many times.

Q:: Where do you buy it?

A: Well, the best place to get the freshest ones is go to a fruit
supplier, a fruit market supplier and get a fresh bag because any of those that
go to a store have gone to another store first and they get distributed from
their distribution center.

Q: Where the hell do we find that?

A: a wholesaler...that's it, go to a wholesaler. In Newark, when I lived
there, I would go to the Cuban district in New York and get it there, sent in
from Cuba. When I was in Jekyll Island I get them from Haiti. You know, we get
fifty to a bag and people on the island are on the diet. We've split them up we
get ten each as there were five of us. That is ten each that way, and only one
out of ten was bad

Q: Wow that's good

A: Yeah that's very good but you get them fresh like that and you make
sure that your supplier orders them - the fresh bags, not the ones that sat
around for a couple of weeks.

Q: Have you ever tried to juice a coconut in a cold house, like
sixty two degrees?

A: Well, I don't use the heat in my house. I live in the mountains in
Malibu so my house gets down to about forty two or forty three degrees. I just
put it through several times and it comes out just fine.

Q: It comes out...

A: ...comes out...

Q: ... goes in with the pulp and it doesn't come out. You put the
pulp back in several times

Q: The first time it comes out, it's all pulp.

A: Yeah...

Q: Inside the machine milk comes out... the fat stays in the
machine.

A: Right. But you put it through several times or turn your heat on.

Q: Okay, I have a friend that is detoxing mercury. She's on the
vegan diet and she has very dry skin on her legs - ridiculously dry. She thinks
shes not getting enough fat in avocado and coconut.

A: it takes animal fats to protect the body. There is no way you can
protect the body with coconut cream or avocado. They are more of a water soluble
fat than that. There's very little oil soluble oil in the coconut and almost
none in the avocado. If you rub avocado in your skin it just dries into a cake.

Q: Is she going to be getting detoxification by juicing various
vegetables? She doesn't do celery and parsley. She does beets and whatever she
can find at the farmers market. is that going to detoxify her body?

A: It'll eat her body to pieces. Yeah, I mean her body is going to eat
its own cells and it's going to detoxify itself but contaminate itself while it
does it.

Q: That's not a good way to get rid of the mercury in your body
is it?

A: She's not going to get rid of it

Q: She needs to do your diet

A: She needs to read the book

Q: Yeah

A: If you can get her to read the book. Even coming here is not enough.
There's no way I'm going to give enough in an answer. I'm not going to be able
to seduce her into opening her mind. The books... the books should do that.

Q: Well, she did read the book. She said its alot of what she's
doing but that is not right.

A: She's not eating animal fat. She's not eating anything like it.

Q: No, she won't eat any animal fat. She won't eat dairy. So its
very hard for her. Shes not going to get anything, her skin is ridiculously dry.

A: Half of my cancer clients have been long term vegetarians.

Q: Okay. Did you not say that you've never seen a healthy
vegetarian?

A: No, I've seen three. Three out of about twenty three hundred. They are
rare, a rare breed. They were all men. Do you have a question?

Q: Yeah I have a couple. Can you expand on the typing or the body
typing or genetic typing or blood typing?

A: Okay when I talk about blood type, it's strictly acid or alkaline type
that's all I'm talking about. I'm not talking about A, B, A positive, A negative
or H negative...Its the blood acidity type I'm talking about. You're either a
high alkaline or your a high acidic blood type or you're a neutral type. If
you're - like I spell it out in the book - if you're lean and have a lot of
energy and you hold a tan well you've got very acidic blood. You need to eat
less red meat and more white meat thats the only difference.

Q: and if you eat the red, what happens?

A: you're likely to get more hyper-active, get too thin, even thinner,
not able to put on weight and you might be a real jerk. (audience laughs),
impatient and irritable.

Q: But you digest it okay?

A: Yeah, that's not an issue, that's not an issue at all. A lot of people
do become irritable. Some people like being irritable. They feel it makes them
aggressive you know. I know a very wealthy man that's worth hundreds of millions
of dollars that came up out of the slums of New York City. He's worth several
hundred million dollars and he just went around intimidating everybody. He's
been on the diet for five years now and his whole life has changed. He wants me
to get the Nobel peace prize because it's made him a peaceful person. So now he
can enjoy his hundreds of millions of dollars. He enjoyed being that way but now
he doesn't. He's an old man he's seventy two years old and you know he can't
keep a relationship if he doesn't stay on the diet. His last wife said you
know...she only did the diet about fifty percent but she said 'if you ever go
off the diet I'm divorcing you'.

Q: "laughter"

A: they got divorced last year. (audience laughs)

A: ...But he didn't go off the diet

Q: How many millions did she get?

A: (laughs) Oh, she got a couple of houses. She did very well. For a ten
year marriage, that's pretty good

Q: You know I say I'm on fifty percent, sixty percent of the diet
and I love coffee, I just...I love it, I love the taste. What can I do to
compensate?

A: Every time you want to go for coffee, go for fresh vegetable juice.
You get a different kind of a rush. You get a refreshing taste. You know, the
enzymes will go in and enliven the body. It'll wake it up without damaging and
kicking you like caffeine does. When you have those enzymes from your fresh
juice going through the system plus a little bit of honey it wakes the appetite
up, alkalizes the blood and that's the best way to do it

Q: I've had my liver analyzed, does coffee damage it?

A: Coffee usually doesn't affect the liver too much. It affects the
heart. It affects the brain and the kidneys. You know, the nervous system -
that's where it has the propensity to store in those tissues, usually not in the
liver. Some people that are alcoholics - along with the coffee, it'll damage the
liver. Like when I was an alcoholic, I drank eleven cups of coffee a day and I
had to have the coffee to get me going because that blood bone cancer so I had
that coffee and benzedrine you know to boost me during the day and then a fifth
of gin at night to bring me down . Then your going to have some caffeine damage
to the liver.

Q: One last anonymous voice: I don't know if this was from high
school. I was an athlete and I borrowed on of my teammates shoes. Since then,
you know the athletes foot... whatever you know... itchy. I don't know if it was
from that or from the acidity or the coffee. To this point, the itching isn't
really there anymore but now my toenails are just like...I could just cut them
all off, I mean they are just completely...

A: dry

Q: Yeah, cracked and nasty.

A: Okay this is where something is contagious.Fungus that lives on the
skin - that's contagious. Yeast on the skin is contagious. It's like if fungus
spreads on the surface, crabs are contagious because they live on the skin. They
can transfer from one body to another. The internal stuff is not contagious...
never contagious. Syphilis … any of it. There is an internal property and you
cannot - its not contagious - unless you're injecting blood or serums from
someone and inject it into your own. That can't be called contagious; that's
contamination. But contagion - contagions live on the skin - are agents that
live on the skin. You can be contagious coming in contact with
somebody...whether that agent, that fungus, that yeast. All yeasts are fungi.
All molds are fungi. If that has something to feed on it will keep living.
Antibiotics cause a tremendous amount of mold damaged cells that...that athletes
foot and a lot of other fungus live on very easily. Eczema is a fungus,
psoriasis is partially fungus. They will live and they are contagious if you
have the elements that it wants to feed on in you're skin . So it could be from
that but you...coffee and caffeine and theobromines from chocolates cause molds
because there is a high amount of metal toxicity associated with caffeine. It
carries heavy metals with it; so does theobromine. That's why they cause nerve
damage. That's why it has an affinity to the neurological systems...the brain.So
when they cook it those heavy metals - the mercury, the lead, all those trace
heavy metals - become free radicals after cooking. So then you've got the
caffeine bound magnetically with these heavy metals. That's why it causes that
stimulation. It pumps up adrenaline; it pumps up cortisone; it pumps up
neurological hormones.

Q: Where do the metals come from in the bean?

A: Part of any structure out there, any creature. has metals in it.

Q: So even the bean plant itself has metals in it?

A: Everything...everything you eat has metals in it.

Q: Really?

A: ...but they are in trace amounts and they're always linked with other
minerals and vitamins and other nutrients so its a complex beneficial nutrient
trace. Metals are often a benefit even strychnine if its not a free
radical...it's a nutrient...

Q: So its high level processing that makes it...

A: The cooking breaks it; it fractionates those bonds.

Q: oh its the cooking...okay

A: ... cooking and processing. So then you've got this caffeine that goes
in. Caffeine goes in, into you're cells and into you're tissues and it causes
such contamination that bacteria and parasites can't eat it. Viruses even have
difficulty breaking it down but fungi feed on it well. It is the same with
plastics. Plastics are made from vegetable oils mainly, overly hydrogenated
vegetable oils. So now regarding the auto industry and the plastic industry -
their greatest conundrum is molds that eat all plastic. So they spent twenty
years before plastic became a major factor in production to get those molds not
to break down the plastic item because they would mold in a few years. They'd
just start rotting from mold. So they spent twenty years perfecting anti-fungals
to make plastic what it is today. Now nobody can break it down. It gets into
your body. Plastic is not easy to get out any more but anyway fungi love
caffeine damaged cells.

Q: I cut coffee

A: That could probably reduce the problem tremendously.

Q: Because I don't touch sugar or anything...you know a lot of
them are acidic.

A: Sugar doesn't cause a lot of problems. Caffeine, theobromine...things
that are neurological bound...I mean things that are bound with neurological
toxins and those are always heavy metals, mercury, lead, cadmium or Iodine.

Q: So those cases are of people eating the raw dish are they
actually detoxifying its not actually the mercury that's causing them to get all
the symptoms.

A: Yes, it's causing the detoxification as long as they're eating it raw.
If they're eating it cooked, they're in trouble. Look at the Japanese! I mean an
incredible race because they eat all this raw fish. They've got the lowest rate
of stomach cancer except when they are in this country and the rates go back up
their because they are eating our garbage food...

Q: I seem to have a problem with raw milk. I've tried even
leaving it at room temperature for 24 hours. I've tried it with honey. I still
have a problem because it makes me tired and also I just feel bloated and I just
don't feel great.

A: do you have any cramping?

Q: no cramping

A: Then you don't have an allergy to the milk. You've got a
detoxification of your nervous system or your glandular system or both.

Q: Okay,

A: ... and it makes you tired. It's trying to get you to relax and sleep
a lot to heal and restructure those glands or neurological system. Some people
have to go through that and it could be three to six months.

So, just leave your milk for eating later that day

Q: oOkay so cramping is the key indicator?

A: Cramping is the key indicator that you've got an allergy. That's
mainly from drinking milk cold because as the milk goes in cold, the stomach
contracts and does secrete hydrochloric acid. The milk oozes to the duodenum
without proper digestion. Lactate gets into the blood without digestion and that
causes cramping in the intestines to the part that's moving down undigested and
that gets into the blood stream causing different reactions

Q: would it cause an allergic reaction, if it's cold?

A: Right, yeah. Some people just lack hydrochloric acid in their stomach
and they lack other enzymes for digesting casein and lactate.

Q: What about if you haven't eaten anything and you're
detoxifying and you're getting very bad cramping?

A: Those are toxins and acids in your intestinal walls causing cramping.

Q: ...That's nothing to do with obviously allergic reactions?

A: That's an allergin. If you have an allergen to milk you'll know in
twenty minutes after you've eaten it.

Q: What if you eat something and get like prickles on you're
skin?

A: ...That's just nerve detoxification

Q: Cold Kefir is fine though, right?

A: Cold kefir is fine. Once the milk is already predigested by the
bacteria, its fine.

Q: you mean cold?

A: Refrigerated, yeah.

Q: You can drink it cold?

A: right out of the refrigerator cold because it's already predigested

Q: Okay, I didn't know.

A: ... cramping...

Q: Why would you be allergic to milk?

A: Some people have enzymes to digest it right away. Like I said in the
book, if you've got a true allergy and you have those symptoms of cramping or
vomiting or diarrhea within twenty minutes after drinking your milk - or a
combination of those symptoms - then you should only drink two to four ounces a
day for about three months until you're body sets up a new process. You know,
nine times out of ten they'll re-correct.

Q: Someone bought me a whole bunch of butter and accidentally got
me the salted butter. I am wondering. I know the salt is not good. Will the
actual - will the capacity of good quality of butter affect it because it has
salt in it?

A: ... because is causes dehydration

Q: Yeah, I noticed it when I went to New Zealand and Australia
because I only had salted butter at one spot, organic. I was totally dehydrated
from it. I felt 'how can this little bit of salt be dehydrating?'.

A: The sodium molecules clump. That's how the body eats. It has ions
inside of the cells and it attracts other ions floating in the blood stream
transporting nutrients. Now when you eat raw food you have all these complex
couplings. So when you go to eat - lets say you've got a potassium molecule
carrying some glucose or some glucan and some vitamin A and some starch
molecules - so you've got a complex meal here, a smorgasbord. The cell opens up
and takes it all in and it gets a whole array of nutrients. It's very
satisfying. When you cook food, everything is fractionated; everything clumps.
Salt causes the same reaction. It causes clumping so what happens is the sodium
molecule comes across a cell and the cell needs H20 and you've got all this H20
bouncing around with this clump of salt. The magnetism is so great outside the
cell that it rips the guts which are the ions out of the cell. The cell will
never eat again. It shrivels like a raisin and dies to little bitty grains of
salt; it will destroy two million red blood cells.

Q: I had a doctor do a live blood analysis on me

A: Those are the most ridiculous things...

Q: really?

A: If I take any of you, a bunch of you and I smear you on a glass plate,
I mean flatten you and squeeze your guts out all over - how is that going to be
able to identify whats going to happen? You're going to have microbes; you're
going to have everything coming back instantly - as soon as I smear your body
and your fluids onto a glass plate. You take live blood cells and you mash them,
they're no longer live blood anymore. You change the whole chemistry! You've
oxidized it. You've changed..in a whole new environment where parasites and
bacteria will form within seconds - so it doesn't have any resemblance to what
the blood is

Q: ...but will they see crystals of Uric acid?

A: Oh yeah! If sugar molecules surround it it certainly will.

Q: I'm just saying because they do see Uric acid in live blood
cells

A: well everybody has Uric acid

Q: in crystal form?

A: almost all of them, because they're eating cooked food

Q: yeah but if you are on a raw...

A: oh that's all the toxic stuff and you're going to have it.

Q: ...lack of sodium and there was a bunch of Uric acid

A: Oh good, Uric acid, you want to get rid of that old toxic uric acid
the only uric acid that will crystallize is the stuff from cooked meats, cooked
protein, that's the only uric acid that will crystallize

Q: So free radicals show up right away as well?

A: Yeah, since your blood cells are going to have lead and any kind of
metal that, lets say its a trace amount that is healthy and good, they're going
to show up right away as dark and black all around.

Q: You don't think that procedures useful for any type of
analysis?

A: I've never found it good for anything. The people who have that
science down from their particular perspective of an approach for health - they
have it down to where they can help people not on this kind of a diet but that
has no bearing and no use if its harmful... what they have to suggest in their
conclusions on this diet. Take for example somebody who's been on a very bad
diet all their lives and they've got root canal problems and infections. Now ,if
a person has agreed to do the diet right then to correct it, it's better that
they go to that dentist and follow his procedure because they probably are not
going to get well very quickly on this diet... if they are not going to follow
the diet well enough to heal.

If the person is very weakened overall and they have this kind of infection so
if you go to a live cell, so called live cell analysis, and if you flatten the
cells on a plate and expose them to oxygen and the cell is no longer alive so
the whole idea that its live cell analysis is absurd, it's a misnomer.

Q: (laughing)

A: It's ridiculous. You're not watching the behaviour of live cells,
you're watching them as quick oxidization and the destruction of what was life.

Q: That will change their reaction anyway if they're outside the
body.

A: absolutely...and then you mash them at the same time so its a misnomer
but their particular perspective works in a certain amount of people who are on
those kinds of diets.

Q: It does because they're seeing better results therefore its
what they do, that's not for all of us here.

A: It is certainly not ideal for this diet. It's harmful for this diet,
for people on this diet.

Q: For vegetable oils for the swelling, would I need Omega three
rich vegetables, I've got eczema, a skin rash.

A: you've got eczema?

Q: yeah, through research and some muscle testing I conclude that
I don't do well with vegetable oils, particularly Omega three. I believe it's an
enzyme deficency. I avoid them, I do really well on like salmon oil and animal
fats.

A: the whole 'Omega three - Omega six' thing is just..a contorted
concept. You don't need many Omega threes or Omega sixes if you're eating raw
fats and you don't know whether its sixes of threes you need. There are theories
out there but they don't hold up in actual practice in people

Q: right

A: Theoretically, you know the Omega threes are what they need but yet it
makes them very toxic and sick. Udo Erasmus doesn't have it down. Weston Price
doesn't have it down. Nobody has it down because they're always trying to take
something apart and concentrate it and throw things more out of balance. I do
that with butter and cream but it's still a whole product and it's a product for
the human body. The vegetable oil is not part of the human being's diet. We're
not built to digest it; we don't have the body to digest vegetable oils.

===

QA_SD_2005_11_27
