?
title=Q&A Of July 20, 2008

# Q&A Of July 20, 2008

@[Source](https://www.primaldiet.net/aajonus-qa-2008-07-20/)

Questions and Answers in San Diego, California

A: Okay, are we all present?

G: Yeah.

A: Okay. I’m just going to talk a little bit about vinegar: vinegar is a
solvent; it does help remove toxic substances – even warts, growths and moles.
It’ll lighten certain tissue, like liver spots when you apply it to the skin.
However, I’ve found in my experiments that if you do it too much it causes
tumors.

G: Oh no.

A: So, you have to be careful.

G: You mean internally doing it too much?

A: Internally or externally doing it too much – it causes tumors.

G: What is it about it that causes tumors?

A: I think what it does is the body uses it to dissolve toxic tissue –
hardened tissue. And then, if it keeps getting put in that same area it
dissolves the healthy tissue because it is a chemical reaction. It isn’t like
the bacteria, and the parasites and the fungus which know better than to eat
things that are healthy and well. But, the vinegar – it’s a chemical.

G: Did you say, Aajonus, that if you drink too much..?

A: Yep.

G: Drink it or put it on the skin?

A: Either way – if you put it too much, too often.

G: So, how much is too much?

A: Probably, if you’ve got a wart or a mole that you want to get rid of, once
every 36 hours is okay. Any more than that can be too much.

G: What about internally, then?

A: Internally: it depends upon the size that you are. And most people: a
teaspoon and a half a day is plenty.

G: Because I like to marinate with it.

A: Yeah.

G: It’s not good?

A: No.

G: Marinating the lemon juice for mayonnaise in it?

A: Marinated lemon is fine because lemon juice causes bacterial growth; it
allows bacterial fermentation. Lime juice does just the opposite: it inhibits
bacterial and parasitical infestation, or cleansing.

G: What about in the bath then? You’ve got us putting apple cider in the
bath.

A: Well, you’re diluting it by a tremendous amount. And you’ve got milk in
there; you’ve got salt –you’ve got other things to neutralize. And also
all the chemicals in the water itself.

G: … especially with the grapefruit. You can really feel it working.

A: Yeah. Well, with your weight you can probably get away with a tbsp. a day.

G: Okay. But, (Inaudible).

A: Yeah, but that’s not released very much because it’s bound by the
coconut cream and the clay.

G: Yeah, I’m going to add the coconut with the coconut cream on it I’ll put
that in.

A: Yeah.

G: Aajonus, I use a little cheese on the meat with some mustard with some
vinegar and I use that twice a day.

A: Uh-huh.

G: The mustard with a little vinegar.

A: Yeah, right.

G: Is that okay?

A: Yeah, you’re talking probably about a very small amount.

A: Do you have a question?

G: I do. I think I seen in one of your previous recordings from December – I
think it was ’05 or ‘06 – where you mentioned adrenals. For example, if
somebody is at almost complete adrenal fatigue where their adrenal levels are
almost completely burned out what did you recommend? I know you mentioned
something in the book, but is there something specific that you can start out
small if somebody isn’t accustomed to eating raw meat?

A: There’s nothing that will work except for adrenal and red meat.

G: Adrenal.

A: But, unless they can’t get out of bed then they don’t have adrenal
fatigue. If they have adrenal fatigue they can’t get out of bed.

G: Okay. Somebody has had levels where it’s pretty indicative of almost
adrenal fatigue.

A: Doesn’t make any difference – you have to be symptomatic. If I gave you
a million dollars and you spent a million dollars a day would you be deficient?
You would probably say: “Yes, I want more clothes, or more houses.” Or
something.

G: Right, right, right.

A: But, you really wouldn’t be poor just because you use it all.

G: Hmm-mm. So, just in general – in terms of a diet that would be a good
thing for adrenals?

A: Red meat.

G: Red meat.

A: And liver and milk and honey together… eating adrenals.

G: The other thing too is my husband has been on the diet now for six months
now and then the restrictive diet [weight loss diet?] for two months, maybe
three months, and he’s now a lifeguard. So, activity-wise he’s pretty much
active the whole day. The other day his last meat meal was at six and then he
was craving sugar. So, he goes on food binges almost every night. Is it a fat
issue or a more a meat issue?

A: It’s all of the above – he needs a balanced diet. He can’t just be a
lifeguard in the sun – he needs to eat. -

G: Yeah, animal. And he’s been eating. I mean, he’s been doubling up on
everything.

G: What about having some of that yummy chocolate with pure butter?

A: Well, if you’re using the chocolate, that can overstimulate the system
depending upon the individual because you’ve got theobromine, caffeine and
theophylline in chocolate – the raw cocoa bean. So, it may make you hyper. I
can only have it maybe once a month. Other people may be able to have it more
often. I’m limited to about once a month.

G: You’re talking about the commercial chocolate or some..?

A: No, I’m talking about the raw cocoa bean.

G: Oh, it’s the cocoa.

A: Yeah.

G: It bothers me instantly no matter how little I have.

A: Yeah.

A: Well, I eat it as ice-cream so I don’t have a problem with it.

G: I had the best experience. I was doing two pounds in a rectangular
container. I got back the quantity from Cynthia and I put the walnuts on top to
fatten somebody else. So, I tasted it. And I was going through my own emotional
needs of weakness, but it was more affection what I wanted. I ended up eating
that whole pound in two full days and it satisfied that emotional energy. I was
okay after that.

A: Yeah, if it works for you – fine. If you were to have a pound every week
you might have a problem.

G: Oh, of course. No, it was just this one time. I don’t crave sweets now.
But, if something happened emotionally – then I went with that and I thought:
“Well, there it is.” And I kept going in and in and eating it between three
or four days.

A: Okay, do you have a question?

G: I have a lot of problems with digestion; a lot of bloating and a lot of gas.
And I’m trying to think that’s founded in something you might…

A: Well, bloating and gas is an indication that you’re dumping a lot of
toxins into the digestive tract and those toxins are messing with your digestive
juices and bacteria – and that causes a gaseous reaction. So, eating a little
bit of cheese every hour helps neutralize some of that toxicity – so you
don’t have so much, but you’ll obviously have a little bit.

G: I do the cheese with a meal.

A: Yeah, but you can do it every hour – every 30 minutes if you’re having
tremendous gas because you need to absorb it, so it doesn’t mix with your
juices. Because it will neutralize your digestive juices and cause a toxic
reaction when the toxins mix with the digestive juices and causes the bloating,
the swelling and the gas.

G: So, add a little butter with that cheese or just the cheese?

A: Don’t need to. Do you have any kind of constipation or diarrhea?

G: No.

A: Then don’t worry about it.

G: Okay.

A: You get constipation you can add some coconut cream or butter. If you
don’t have a problem there then just have cheese. It’s much more effective
if you just have cheese anyway.

G: You mean having it separate from any other foods before you eat it?

A: Yeah, ten minutes before and also just every hour, or every 30 minutes; just
make sure you have some going through all the time to absorb those toxins.

Okay, Cynthia – do you have a question?

G: Not right now.

A: Okay. Joseph?

G: When you’re doing the lymphatic baths, you have to bundle yourself up when
you get out the tub for when you go for a 20-minute walk or long walks. What
happens if you just bundle yourself up and go under the covers?

A: Yeah, but you’re not moving things through – you’re not forcing
movement.

G: Hmm-mm, yeah. So, it’s not a good idea?

A: It’s okay, but it’ll work better if you have movement.

G: It’s hard like that.

A: Yes, it is.

G: I just can’t come out of the bathroom and go outside.

A: Well, you’ve just got to be a turtle – move in slow motion.

G: Can you walk around the apartment if you’re place is big enough? Walk
around the bathroom ten times.

A: Well, as long as there’s good oxygen – it’s helpful to be in a place
where there’s good oxygen.

G: Just open a window – it’s right next to the ocean.

A: There you go.

G: You don’t even need to go outside.

A: Well, the oxygen off the ocean usually expels between about one-thirty to
five-thirty in the morning. Once the sun hits then it stops. And all day long
it’ll absorb carbon monoxide, then at night it discharges the oxygen that it
makes.

G: So, it’s better to walk by the ocean to get the oxygen? It’s better to
do it at night?

A: Yeah, it’s better to do it at night. You can walk around your yard – you
know, lots of green oxygen air – it’s green that makes oxygen.

Do you have a question?

G: I’ve been getting stabbing pains in my left foot – hard. What’s that
about?

A: It’s crystals.

G: Oh. Gout?

A: Yeah.

G: Uric acid?

A: Yep. Uric acid build-ups; could be lactic acid build-ups – any of that.
Whey and vinegar help get rid of it. And what you could do is mix about four
tbsp. coconut cream with about one and a half tsp. vinegar. Mix that together,
let it sit for about an hour and then rub it in to your foot.

G: I remember one time I sprayed the vinegar on and it was really good. You
know, in a spray bottle?

A: Yeah, since I’ve been experimenting with it and creating hardened tumors,
I’ve found that too much of it can cause heavy dryness and dead cells. It
damages the area.

G: And how would you work with the whey?

A: Just drink that.

G: Just drink it?

A: Hmm-mm.

G: Oh, I just put it in with my green juice twice a day – morning and
evening.

A: That’s fine.

G: What other good things is whey good for?

A: Mainly that’s it. There’s the belief that whey is high in protein and
helps bodybuilding, and that’s a lot of nonsense.

G: But, what about the antibiotics? Remember you said it helps pull penicillin
out of the body?

A: It can. Lime juice is a little bit better for that. Well, kills it is what
it does.

G: Lime juice kills the penicillin?

A: It kills the antibiotic fungus.

A: Do you have another question?

G: Yeah, I’m still thinking about travelling. You told that story about the
eggs. And I can’t go through the airport with the eggs. And I feel I need an
egg. I feel wonderful that I learned how to crack an egg. Well I assume I can
take two eggs with me?

A: Yeah, you probably could – they’ll just think it’s hard-boiled.
That’s what they do. They ask you: “Are these hard-boiled?” And I say:
“As hard as I want it.”

G: ”As hard as you want it.” I remember last time you said that. I take two
of these because it really makes me feel very energetic when I eat this.

A: That’s because eggs digest in about 27 minutes completely and it takes
very little effort of the intestinal tract to digest that protein and fat –
the proteins in the egg white and the egg yolk is all the fat.

G: Yeah, because if I don’t take the milk and cream – I’m just worried
about that – worried about the milk.

G: Well, I have one, Elaine.

G: Yeah, that’s for you. They can’t take both of us.

A: No, it has to be for each person.

G: I don’t go to doctors, so –

A: Well, I do it; I charge $50 per letter. It’s only good for three months.

G: Oh, you do it?

G: What do you mean it’s only good for three months?

A: They ask you to renew it every three months; when I take it in over three
months they won’t receive them.

G: Oh, I didn’t know that.

A: Yeah.

G: That’s new.

G: You’re saying I can get a letter from you?

A: Yeah, you just email me.

G: Is that legal?

A: I’m a PhD nutrition, so –

G: Oh, god.

G: He’s a Doctor.

A: Yeah.

G: So, I’m just worried about – you have to wait at the airport two hours
before, then the plane arrives in five hours and then you need an hour to get
there. I’ve got to have something to eat – I’ve got to be on my diet.

A: Absolutely.

G: And I’ll stop at the store to fill up my eggs.

A: Right, yeah.

G: But, the five hours I’m on the plane I need to have something to eat, so
I’m thinking ahead because separate companies aren’t there.

A: Yeah.

G: I appear to be having these – it seems little hardened things here.

A: Lymph nodes and glands.

G: And they used to be soft, but now they’re hard. Is that okay?

A: It’s from vegetable oils.

G: Oh, really?

A: Vegetable oils in the human body harden.

G: Wow.

A: Yeah. It takes a herbivore who has a body temperature of 101 – 105
degrees; ours is 98.6 and lower, so it causes crystallizations of the fats.

G: You don’t even recommend olive oil?

A: Well, olive oil is not a vegetable oil – it’s a fruit oil.

G: It needs to be cold-pressed, right?

A: Yeah, it needs to cold. It’s still quite a solvent though.

G: How do I dissolve those things?

A: In the book look under lymphatic congestion – those hot baths. And have
the pineapple with the coconut cream, a little bit of dairy cream, and lemon
juice and honey.

G: Could you explain again how the coconut cream is made?

A: Well, it says in the books quite well. But, a sentence got left in both
books: you need the room to be about 80 degrees. If the room is under 80 degrees
the cold coconut meat holds on to both the water and the oil soluble fats and it
won’t release them. So, you get maybe quarter to half a cup of coconut cream.
If your room is 80 degrees, from that one coconut, you can get a cup or more.
So, that’s the big thing to do. How it got left out of the book, I don’t
know.

G: You can also put the coconut meat in a glass jar and submerge it in warm
water.

A: Yeah, well, I said that. But still, if the room is cold and the machinery
gets cold it’s not going to juice as much.

G: You have to put the heater on, right?

A: Yes, except in this kind of weather you don’t have to – it’s usually
hot enough.

G: Would it be a good idea to put the equipment in hot water too, like the
grinder and stuff and the juicer?

A: Well, you can but if you spend an hour with the juicer in a hot room it’s
going to be that temperature. And as you start juicing it’s going to be warm
pretty quickly.

G: What if you put it inside the warm water for a while before you juice?

A: You mean in the machinery?

G: Put the coconut in warm water for a while? Like in a bath or something?

A: No, what you do is – like I say in the book - you take a glass jar, put
some of the coconut water in and let it absorb some of that while it gets warm.
It’s in a bowl of hot water, so it gets warm that way. But, if the machinery
is cold it’s going to get cold pretty quickly. So, it’s better to have the
room 80 degrees.

Do you have another question?

G: I do, yeah. A few of the friends that I work with have been transitioning to
raw milk and it’s been really beneficial for a lot of them overall
health-wise, but a lot of them have noticed that their menstrual flow is
incredibly increased. What can you attribute that too, or what are your thoughts
on that? …because some girls are kind of getting concerned and getting
discouraged.

A: Well, all they have to do is eat green cabbage juice to remedy that.
Usually, when a woman has a lot of toxicity stored in the ovaries or uterus,
heavy metals destroy the U and K, which allows the blood to clot. So, if you eat
the cabbage juice, it offsets that. So, when your period is coming up - five
days before - you have a cup of the green cabbage juice. Not red cabbage – red
cabbage will cause bleeding.

G: Right.

A: But, the green cabbage will stop bleeding. So, have it like every third day.
Five days before the period and then every third day until the period is over.

G: Is it pretty much all internal bleeding that cabbage is efficient for?

A: Yes.

G: And that’s primarily caused from heavy metal build up in your ovaries?

A: … your ovaries.

G: And that destroys the vitamin K and U?

A: Destroys the U and K, right, which allows blood clotting.

There was a famous Swiss actress who was bleeding from her uterus; she had
ovarian cancer – uterine cancer. And she had come to Los Angeles because she
had been to Europe – she had been to everywhere and the Universities in Europe
– even in Paris – all around – in Switzerland and Sweden – everywhere
– nobody could remedy it and she had been around the lot in these places. And
they told her to go to UCLA and USC in Los Angeles because they usually kept way
ahead of every other university. So, she came here and they did the same stuff:
cauterizing, which is burning the tissue and melting it together. That didn’t
work. Grafting: nothing worked.

And she went into Erewhon health food store and she watched this fellow get
everything. He got the milk; he got meat, the cheese, the cream. And you know
he’s vibrantly healthy. So she says: “Is that all for you?” And he says:
“Yeah, this is for two days.” And she says: “That’s phenomenal.” And
she told him her problem. And he said: “Well, give this guy a call – give
Aajonus a call and he can probably help you.” So, she gave me a call probably
somewhere around eight-thirty – nine o’clock in the evening and I said:
“Well, I don’t help people who are vegetarian because it just doesn’t work
– it’s a lot on me and it’s a lot on you and it’s just difficult to work
with a vegetarian. But, if you’re just wanting to stop the bleeding that’s
easy: just have a cup of green cabbage juice once a day and it’ll stop.” And
she said: “If it was that easy everybody would know it!” Slammed the phone
down.

So, the next morning at nine-thirty in the morning I get a call – it worked.
Just like that – overnight. She had it overnight: a cup of green cabbage juice
and it stopped the bleeding. So, her boyfriend came with her, who was a famous
Italian photographer, and he made sure that she kept on the food and everything.
She went off her vegetarian diet – mostly – she did a little bit of meat –
like half a cup of meat a day, but lots of dairy. She got strong; she got
healthy; she had a great time. And then three months later she’s got a wave of
conscience and said: “I can’t do this; I can’t torture animals for their
dairy; I can’t make slaves of them.” So, she died a month later.

G: Oh, boy.

A: So, she got what she wanted – it was a martyr – her vegetarianism.

G: I think the biggest thing that for women who have gone to the raw milk is
such a stark difference between before and after in their menstrual flow that
you confirmed a lot of them. I mean there are a lot of different philosophies
out there that say consuming too much dairy after breast feeding is excess.
Actually, I had two scientists who were pretty like: “Oh, I don’t think I
should be consuming dairy, let alone raw dairy.” And when they did they had
excessive bleeding – long and heavy periods.

A: They’re lacking vitamin K and vitamin U. When you’re having milk
you’re having a lot of rich minerals. When you’ve pasteurized dairy you’ve
cauterized 50% of the calcium, so it’s not going to absorb poisons. So, when
you’re having the dairy - especially when you’re nursing or pregnant - the
body wants to pull it out of there because it doesn’t want to harm the baby.
So, it can cause it, but you just have the cabbage juice.

G: Okay, thank you.

A: You’re welcome.

G: I have a question.

A: Uh-huh.

G: I’m around a lot of people now in the Indian tradition and it sort of
started bringing up that issue about the karma of killing animals and then a lot
of people have the issue with the sustainability of eating cows and having a lot
of cattle on the planet. So, how would you address both of those issues? It’s
not a sentimentality of killing animals, but more that karma. So, what would you
–

A: Well, the world is overpopulated with vegetation; so, you’ve got elephants
that will eat whole trees; they’ll eat the bark; they’ll eat the whole
frickin’ tree. They can eat their whole weight in 24 hours. They’ll eat
massive branches that are this thick. And everything gives its life; one life
gives another life and that’s the way it is. So, herbivore animals eat
vegetation. Carnivorous animals like us need to eat those animals, so they
don’t overpopulate. So, it’s a balance. What happened when the dinosaur was
around – supposedly? It ate all the vegetation – it starved to death.

G: Well, the other point that many people make that I’ve been around lately
is the death from the animal stand point; we are raising our consciousness above
the animal – the state of just being an animal – we are conscious human
beings –

A: Well, you came into the animal body. You’re an animal – period. That’s
part of this spiritual journey here. If you don’t accept it you’re going to
die or have disease. And if that’s your journey, hey, have it. I wish you all
the disease you want – all the suffering you want. If that’s your view
point.

G: That’s what it’s about – it’s your view point. If you don’t have
that view point then you’re already set free.

A: Yeah. So, I have no problem with eating an animal. I mean, cats and dogs,
even apes, will kill an animal about once every 28 days.

G: We’re at the top of the food chain.

A: Yes, we are.

G: So, we just take our place.

A: That’s it, yeah. And it’s a good thing – if it weren’t we wouldn’t
be healthy doing it. And as far as the idea that growing the grains for us and
saving all this land instead of the animals is an absurdity. That’s what they
eat – they eat vegetation. They eat some grain – mainly grain is for birds.
So, the whole idea that they’re saving the planet by being vegetarian is just
an absurdity. Because the herbivore can get out there and eat every day all day
long and it’s satisfied. If we eat a vegetarian diet, most bodies are not
satisfied; it causes all types of imbalances – anxiety, depression… all
types of ill symptoms – disease.

G: And what about the issue of raising cattle in terms of sustainability? That,
that is less sustainable for the planet because of the carbon monoxide –

A: The methane.

G: Yeah, the methane.

A: From the fecal matter. And the rain washes it down and it’s eaten by
bacteria. It’s when the big corporations take the urea from the fecal matter
and not compost it – it gets in the wells. And then it creates a lot of acidic
compounds that cause methane gas and that can be harmful. But, we shouldn’t be
having those intense kinds of farms; everything should be grazed.

We get most of our meat from Amos Miller – an Amish farmer. And I have him
process everything. So, he takes guts of the animals that he slaughters and
butchers and lays it out on this grill-work of wood and the flies come and lay
their larvae and the chickens eat all these maggots.

And these chickens: I was there last year this week and spent the whole day on
the farm – now, when I grew up on my grandparent’s farm every so many
summers the chickens pecked you, the ducked pecked you – they never got enough
protein. These chickens and ducks will follow you around and rub you like a cat.
These are chickens; they are so healthy and so happy.

G: Do they eat soy?

A: No soy, nothing – it’s all meat byproducts – meat discards.

G: Can we get their chickens?

A: Yeah, you just have to make sure that James will order them.

G: So, he would put down meat and let the flies get on to the maggots where
then the chickens will then eat it?

A: Eat the maggots.

G: What kind of meat does he put out?

A: Guts.

G: Oh, the guts.

A: Yeah, the intestines, the liver – anything that he couldn’t sell.

G: Oh, I see.

A: And even the carcasses with a little bit of meat on the bones – the
chickens go and eat that off of there, as well as the flies are laying they’re
maggots and eating that too. Incredible – to see chickens happy, not pecking,
and rubbing against you like a cat. I was absolutely just so happy.

G: They’re the only ones in the world doing it.

A: Oh, yeah. It is against the law if he were to be selling it commercially.
But see, I have a lease agreement with him so we own the flock. So, he just
handles them for us. So, it takes it out of the commercial realm – just like
we do with the dairy. And they tried to take him to court several times for not
having a permit. And I wrote the legal brief for him and his father because they
both got ticketed and cited and they were both going into court on the same day.
So, I did a 19-page document for the father and a 67-page document that had all
the details instead of me repeating it for Jacob Miller. So, it says on there:
“This is non-commercial; this is private ownership; there is no commercial
sales here.” The law states and says that FDA and all that only has
jurisdiction over commercial enterprises. So, the judge just threw it out – we
won every case in the last six years.

Now, Sally Fallon: she has a Herd Share program and the Herd Share program
doesn’t stand up in some states because it has no legal precedent. And I’ve
tried to get her to use the lease program for at least three and a half or four
years. All of a sudden I hear about four months ago she’s using the lease
program – all the problems are gone.

G: Because there was a precedent?

A: Well, not because there was a precedent. Well, in leases everybody can lease
everything. If they let one lease agreement fall it puts all lease agreements in
jeopardy. So, they couldn’t do it; they had to throw it out. So, they don’t
need permits. And in the documentation I sent the agreement which means: we want
the bacteria; we want parasites; we want all these so-called undesirable things
(according to Health Department regulations); we want what they don’t want, so
we’re completely divorced from their regulations – we have nothing to do
with it.

G: Are they thinking it’s a public health hazard?

A: They really have to prove there’s a contagion caused from the raw milk or
the chicken or whatever. And it’s impossible to do – I would cut him down in
a court of law.

G: How could that be impossible when they can only? (Inaudible). When you’ve
got things like tomatoes and lettuce –

A: It’s because nobody challenges them. I challenge them.

G: Yeah, but you must be the lone wolf in the pack.

A: I am. Even Sally Fallon talks about the bad bacteria and to freeze your meat
or lightly cook it.

G: Right.

A: So, she has a total belief in that. Yet, these are people who’ve never
done the experiments – they just believe it. And I’ve been eating raw meat
with never a problem since 1976.

G: Yeah, but we’re faced with having to do deal with the law.

A: Yeah.

G: And they make up the law.

A: The law is for commercial. I’ve proved that we were not commercial
venture; they have no jurisdiction.

G: Okay.

A: They would have to prove that somebody who got salmonella could transfer it
by air or touch – impossible.

G: So, what’s happening in Thailand or anything? Is there anything
progressing?

A: Well, my partner there went bankrupt; his son embezzled all of the money out
of the company, so left him bankrupt. He did it to his father and his sister.

G: So, no clinic in Thailand?

A: No clinic in Thailand, right now.

G: They’re not good partners there, huh?

A: No, his son was not a good person.

G: So, where else in the world are you going to go?

A: I’ll just wait until somebody else comes around and offers money again.
And I’ll either do it in Thailand or in Southern Mexico.

G: How do you know if you’ll be here that long?

A: You don’t know that.

G: Divine timing – you know it, but we don’t know it; it’s all process.

G: It’s a skill.

G: What did you say, Brian?

A: He said I may not live that long.

G: Well, if I live as long as that dog over there.

A: There you go.

G: And get this little lady taken care of.

G: I love you.

A: Do you have a question?

G: Yes, I juice. Even though it’s liquid I also have a strong blender that
can do the same thing. It’s a thicker texture, but it’s the whole lighter
pulp and the liquid.

A: Not a good idea. What it does is it causes a lot of cellulose fibre and
neutralizes the acidic bacteria and digestive juices that are there to digest
the meats and the dairy. So, it neutralizes it. So, you lose digestibility. The
only thing I suggest blended is cucumber because of all the collagen precursors
that are in the pulp of the cucumber. But, that’s not a vegetable – it’s a
bland fruit. You can get that collagen precursors from any kind of fruit,
especially melons, papaya – any of those will create a lot of collagen
precursors. However, it turns the system alkaline, so it does damage
digestibility. So, having the cucumber because it’s an alkaline but not highly
over alkalinized and you’re having only that as the pulp and a small amount of
it. For some people it’s as high as 50% of the juice, but the juice is a very
small part of the diet. As long as you’re not drinking it excessively.

G: Cool. Can you talk about the alkaline and the acidic tests that we want?
We’re trying to get our bodies more alkaline.

A: No, you don’t. That’s all nonsense; that’s a theory that has no
evidence in reality. That’s a lot of nonsense propagated by Walker, Bragg and
all those people. But, yet, Bragg would use his vinegar all the time – every
day. And what happened to his spinal cord? It deteriorated because it ate up the
calcium; it demineralized the calcium causing the spine to deteriorate and
harden. So, in the last years that I saw him he had to be carried up to the
stage – he had to be walked up to the stage – up to the podium.

G: Who, Bragg?

A: Yeah.

G: I heard that he died surfing or I read it somewhere – Bragg. Is that true
or not?

A: It’s a story. I don’t know. Nobody dies from surfing.

G: Well.

A: I mean if they get a huge wave and the board cracks his head open. From what
I understand it was no severe accident. He broke his back. Breaking your back
means you’ve got toxicity in your spine and you’ve got a weak back.

G: From taking too much apple cider vinegar?

A: Yep. So, he believed in alkalinizing; lots of juices, but then he had all
this vinegar which is acidic. So, everybody has their little concept about what
is right and what is wrong. But, just remember: you’ve got 2300 varieties of
bacteria in the mouth and they’re all acid. You have one enzyme in the mouth
that is alkaline and that is hyaline – same thing as a horse has – and
that’s the only alkalizing enzyme we have. So, everything is acidic. So, that
says our body should be eating acid foods then.

Yes?

G: I have a question about what you said: I’ve read that when we juice, the
glycemic index, which is the rate of how fast the sugar is absorbed into the
blood stream, that the glycaemic index becomes very high.

A: Absolutely.

G: So, I’ve read that it’s not good to juice, but it’s better to make
smoothies? Is that…

A: Yeah, it is better, but still you’re alkalizing the system by having too
much fruit.

G: Well, what about a diabetic? Because that book: he talks about a diabetic
and he says eat the whole fruit because of the fibre; the fibre goes down with
the sugar and it’s much better that way.

A: It’s better that way, but it doesn’t stop the diabetic symptoms. I did
it for six years and I was going into insulin shock constantly.

G: You did that diet for six years?

A: Well, a vegetarian type diet – high alkaline. Lots of fruit – like,
60-80% of my diet was fruit.

G: Do you recommend juicing or is whole food better?

A: I say in the book: no fruit juice.

G: Okay.

G: So, vegetable juice is your thing?

A: Vegetable juice, yes.

G: Are you talking about vegetable juices or fruit juices?

A: No, fruit.

G: I think you were talking more about fruit juices, but don’t vegetable
juices have sugar in them as well?

A: Yeah, but it depends; celery doesn’t have enough sugar to digest itself,
so it’s a minus. Carrot and beets -those are the only ones that are high in
sugars... except for potatoes – those kinds of things.

G: I think you also recommend juicing a carrot?

A: Yeah, but you’re having it with coconut cream and dairy cream too.

G: So, you’re slowing it down and balancing it out?

A: Right, slowing absorption down. And that’s just to help pull bile out of
the body.

G: Thank you.

A: You’re welcome.

G: And can you drink too much celery juice?

A: Absolutely.

G: And that alkalizes the system?

A: Yep. It can over-alkalinize, yes.

G: And over-alkalize does what kind of damage?

A: Well, it’ll cause gas. It’ll cause the neutralization of the acidic
bacteria and digestive juices that digest animal foods.

G: Although you wait long enough in between it still will alkalize –

A: It will completely alter it so badly. That’s why usually after seven years
of being on a fruitarian diet you hit the wall – so protein and fat deficient.

G: So there’s not enough acid in your stomach for your protein?

A: Correct because the fruit will neutralize it – especially fruit juice.

G: No, I’m talking about the vegetable juice.

A: Vegetable juice will also cause it, if you have too much.

G: What’s the maximum amount you recommend?

A: It depends upon the person.

G: Okay.

A: If they drink four ounces of juice and they do well and they drink 8 ounces
and they don’t do well, four ounces is appropriate and eight’s too much.

G: Is 12 ounces too much?

A: It depends upon the person.

G: How do you know? What kind of symptoms?

A: You start having a lot of gas and start getting weak. The food starts
passing out the feces whole – whole pieces of meat – pink – undigested.
You get many effects from it.

G: Well, if you don’t have those pin-points, then that amount is okay?

A: Okay – temporarily.

G: Temporarily, yeah. Like, you are following your body.

A: And it usually takes seven years before a person hits the wall hard. But,
most people, because they’re cooked vegetarians, will hit the wall in a year,
a year and a half. David Wolf, back seven years ago when he started – I said:
“Well, we’ll see how you do at the seven year mark.” So, what happened
last year? Some people that work with him said that he’s starting to eat the
raw dairy, but not telling people – they see him eating it.

G: Why, was he a proponent of vegetarian?

A: Fruitarianism – die-hard fruitarian.

G: So, a person eating standard cooked food, not the Primal Diet, but is taking
– say – 12oz of the celery-parsley every day: will that also interfere, or
will that assist the cooked food?

A: That will assist the cooked food.

G: It will?

A: Yeah. Because when you eat a lot of cooked foods you get overly acidic.

G: Right.

A: So, enough will counter-balance it. But, you’re still going to
demineralize.

G: What does that mean?

A: Your bones are going to get thin and brittle – all kinds of side-effects:
severe anorexia, severe bulimia because you can’t get satisfied – you
can’t eat enough protein and fats on that kind of a diet.

G: Aajonus, if I can’t drink for a week (Inaudible). Can I use salads for a
week?

A: It’s not a good idea. What I do when I go to a place like that and I’m
going to stay for a week or two, I’ll buy a small centrifugal juicer and
I’ll juice every day. It takes maybe 30 minutes to juice what I’m going to
juice for that day. Sometimes I’ll make it for two days if the juice is fairly
good.

G: Just a cheap juicer?

A: Yeah, just a cheap juicer.

G: Aajonus, you’ve been on this diet for what is a considerable amount of
time now. How much vegetable juice do you take?

A: I take eight to 16 ounces a day.

G: That’s it?

A: And when I start having diarrhea, I cut it down.

G: You know when I’m doing the green juice, I notice the celery is getting
harder to get because it’s either really green or really white; it’s really
fat; it’s sometimes really bitter and it’s all over the place.

A: Well, if you have natural celery it is all dark green and bitter. Celery is
naturally a bitter vegetable. They breed it to get some of that oxalic acid. So,
that’s what causes it to go very bitter like that.

G: You, but, let me tell you: when it’s green like that I get diarrhea like
crazy.

A: Yeah, cleaning you out. Then you need to eat an egg or cheese with it,
before you eat it.

G: Well, I was going to have cream afterwards. Would that help?

A: No, if you’re having diarrhea you do not want cream – you have cheese.

G: How do you know if it’s diarrhea or just detoxing?

A: Well, diarrhea is always detoxing, but you can detox too much. Because you
can eat a lot of cheese and you’ll still detox a lot, but it’s just the
cheese that will absorb the toxins, so they don’t irritate the intestines. And
you don’t need to have the diarrhea; diarrhea is when something is so toxic
that it enters the intestinal walls and discharges into that intestinal
environment, that the body uses a lot of fluid to rush it out so it doesn’t
cause damage to the intestinal tract – to the flora and the digestive juices
and the intestinal walls.

G: Do you take some cheese afterwards?

A: Before.

G: Oh, before?

A: Yeah.

G: Oh, before.

A: Yeah. For however long amount of cheese it takes.

G: Did you say 10 minutes or 20 minutes before?

A: 10 minutes.

G: 10 minutes…

A: 10 minutes is all you need. And if you’re having the diarrhea, you start
off with a tablespoon. If it doesn’t work you add one and a half tbsp., two
tbsp. every hour.

G: Can I ask a question?

A: Yes.

G: That Sports Drink – how much of that can you drink a day?

A: For somebody your size: a quart.

G: A quart?

A: Yeah, about a quart a day. But, remember: sip – always sip – don’t
guzzle. And when you guzzle the H20 rushes to the kidneys, into the bladder, so
you don’t get to hydrate the body – you don’t get to use that water. And
it’s all good ionically-bound, so you need to sip it. Like you see me sipping
the milk? I sip everything.

G: And what’s the Sports Drink again?

A: Equal amounts of tomato and cucumber puree with some coconut cream, a little
bit of lemon juice, dairy cream and a little vinegar.

G: It’s really tasty.

A: It’s pretty tasty, yeah.

G: Kind of like a V8 juice?

A: Yeah, but you can’t guzzle it. A lot of my athletes will guzzle it.

G: So, in actual fact when they guzzle they’re getting a straight hit of
water to their system?

A: Well, if they have water they’re not going to utilize it – most of it is
going to rush to the kidneys. And if they’re gulping, even the good stuff,
they’re not going to absorb it. A little at a time.

Do you have a question?

G: I have one.

A: Yeah?

G: I’m breast feeding and I get really skinny (Inaudible). How can I keep my
weight on?

A: You have to eat one or two moisturizing formulas a day.

G: Is that in your book?

A: Yes.

G: Okay.

A: In the Recipe book.

G: Have you tasted the formula before?

G: What page is the moisturizing formula on?

A: Page 145 of 146 of the Recipe book.

G: It’s delicious.

A: Tastes like a lemon meringue drink.

G: Just make sure you have the butter out soft otherwise it doesn’t blend
very well.

A: Uh-huh.

G: Can you just talk a little bit about if you really want to heal your lungs?

A: Well, anytime you have trouble in an area it’s because you have too much
toxicity in that area. So, if it’s the lungs, you’ve got a lot of
contaminants that you have breathed into the body – whether it’s smoke or
chemicals in a laboratory – whatever. Those store in the lung tissue. So you
have to eat the diet that will help draw those poisons out to re-strengthen and
rebuild the lungs, the bronchioles.

G: Well, you know we’ve had all these fires – especially last season. And
we’re just finally coming out of it.

A: Yeah, I know. Well, I’ve got some patients that went over the edge with
that and haven’t recovered. So, it’s very toxic because you’ve got a lot
of building materials which are highly poisonous when they’re burned. So, I
have a lot of people who were pretty healthy, and then all of a sudden they were
in those fires and it caused multiple chemical sensitivity.

G: So, did you develop any formulas for that?

A: Well, several of them do it. One does not, and if that patient doesn’t do
it, he’s not going to get better.

G: And what is the program?

A: Well, it depends upon the person – how they’ve absorbed that toxicity in
their lungs.

G: What about for me?

A: I would have to look at your lungs and your irises to see what kind of
compounds are there.

G: Well, a lot of the mucus swelling has definitely cleaned out.

A: The mucus is what draws those poisons out – it chelates with it; binds
with it; helps remove it. So, lots of cheese is always the first thing to do.
Draw the poisons out – absorb them.

G: So, cheese with the honey at the same time to re-mineralize?

A: Yes, you utilize the cheese as a nutrient when you have honey with it.

G: So, that all day long?

A: No, you can just have that twice a day. Let’s say after a meat meal. You
just need a small amount to do that.

G: Okay.

A: Okay, do you have a question Joseph?

G: Raw dairy and Senate Bill #201.

A: Okay, as far as I’m concerned it’s an awful bill, but as long as it’s
an opt-in and opt-out, I will support it because, in Organic Pastures, Mark
thinks he can still make a good product. And what it does is: in the bill it
says if they do the [inaudible] plan program to make sure that the milk is
produced at the highest quality and standards which is voluntary, that they
don’t have to follow the ten coliform count. The ten coliform count has no
relationship to deciding whether milk is safe or not. That was said by the
experts who are against raw milk as well as for raw milk – we were there
before the agricultural committee, so I’ve got it on CD.

G: You’ve got it on CD as well.

A: Yeah. So, basically what I’m going to do within the next few months, after
201 gets voted on and it passes, I’m going to file suit against the Health
Department for the ten coliform count because it doesn’t make it any safer.
It’s a bogus bill and it was snuck in and even assembly member Perea who
submitted that Bill 1735 – she got all upset about the Health Department lying
to her. So, this was said in the Senate house agricultural meeting. That’s
basically what they are saying and that is not true. So, it’s a falsehood. So,
I’m going to support it as long as they have the opt-in and opt-out clause. If
they don’t - then that’ll means that that’ll become law - I’ll sue
against them. I’m going to sue against it anyway, even it passes with the
opt-in opt-out clause, because it’s unwarranted and the Health Department
needs to be put in their place.

G: Yeah.

A: Yeah. The reason they didn’t in that one DVD that is put on there by
Christy – she created it. She didn’t put me in because we already had five
scientific papers – I gave a testimonial saying in my experience, in my
empirical work, raw dairy – even with high bacteria – has never created a
problem. So, this is all unwarranted and I said that. But, you have to
understand: Sally Fallon, all these people, believe it – they believe
bacteria’s the problem. And it isn’t. If it were, I would be dead a long
time ago.

G: I have a question for you.

A: I’m ready.

G: On the acid-alkaline topic: most of the food being acidic and I heard in the
past that if you just use alkaline then come back and be acidic.

A: Well, that can be beneficial at times.

G: It could?

A: Definitely.

G: If you’re eating an acidic diet and you go alkaline a little bit, but then
go –

A: It can help balance the body, yeah. But, it can also be very harmful if you
stay on it for too long.

G: Did you say alkaline?

A: If you get too alkaline.

G: Yeah, if you get over it – you can’t stay there.

A: Correct.

G: If you stay there you eat fruit and vegetable.

A: Right.

G: So, if you’re eating meat and cheese and coconut cream most of the time
–

A: You’re about five-five, which is acidic. Seven is neutral.

G: What would be a good number?

A: Five-five.

G: Five-five?

A: Yeah. Blood; your saliva; your urine – should all be five-five. About
that.

G: Urine also?

A: Yeah.

G: I thought that urine was a little bit more acidic and your saliva was a
little more alkalized?

A: Not if you’re eating properly.

G: What would be the best test for urine and saliva?

A: I wouldn’t do either – I would go on your symptoms. If you’re getting
too hungry; if you’re getting lethargic; if you’re getting irritable; if
you’re having depression – that’s a sign of getting too alkaline.

G: I know that you recommend only the rind of the watermelon.

A: Yes.

G: So, I bought one of those mini-watermelons and pealed the outside off, so I
just have the white part on the inside.

A: Correct.

G: So, how much a day?

A: Well, like the cucumber – you can have half a cup to a whole cup.

G: Have cheese with that, or some fat. Or not?

A: You don’t need it because it’s not high in sugar – it’s like a
cucumber.

G: Okay.

A: In fact, the rind of a watermelon tastes like a cucumber.

G: Yeah, it does. It tastes delicious. It tastes wonderful. And what about
other sorts? I mean berries to absorb the metals.

A: Those are low in sugar.

G: Okay.

A: Those are okay – and high in pectin.

G: What else?

A: But still, they’re not providing the protein and fats that you need –
they’re still cleansing.

G: Yeah, I know that. But, I just want to have fun. I mean somewhere on this
diet there’s got to be some fun.

A: Well, that’s why I say: one fruit meal a day and lots of fat.

G: So, can you give us some more examples of what’s fermented?

A: Well, anything’s fermented if you get fruits that aren’t high in sugar
– like cherries and berries.

G: Cherries or berries?

A: And unripe melon.

G: That’s impossible to find. I don’t know how to find unripe melon. I
don’t know what to do.

A: Well, just cut out the heart.

G: Yeah, throw away the rest.

A: Right, yeah.

G: Save it for me.

A: Then you’re not going to save your babies a balanced diet.

G: No. They love watermelon though.

A: Yeah.

G: (Inaudible).

A: In small amounts and not highly sugary.

G: How much watermelon rind can you eat?

A: I said about a cup a day – half a cup to a whole cup.

G: No more?

A: Not a good idea, no.

G: Is that with the juice also?

A: Yes, I blend my cucumber with my juice to get the collagen precursors.

A: Did you have a question, Elaine?

G: It seems everything I eat goes through me – always going to the bathroom.
Now, I’m following your diet and I’m doing it well. Is that okay? Or, am I
eating too much of something over the top?

A: Well, you could be eating too much vegetable juice. Or, you could be eating
too –

G: I was eating a pound.

A: A day?

G: No, morning and evening.

A: Could be too much.

G: Okay.

A: Cut it down to maybe eight and eight ounces and see if that works. Or, six
and six. Or, eight and four. See how that works.

G: Eight and four?

A: Yeah, see if that works.

G: (Inaudible).

A: Yeah. Also, if you eat a lot of fat and you eat it too fast and you’re not
making enough bile you can have diarrhoea.

G: I drink milk with my meat.

A: I know, but how much milk are you drinking?

G: I drink a lot of it.

A: Not a good idea.

G: I drink a lot with each meal.

A: So, you have a whole cup or more?

G: I would say a cup.

A: Maybe a little too much. Take it down to three-quarters of a cup.

G: Well, it’s more the meat I want.

A: Well, just do the best you can. Eat some cheese with it.

G: Cheese is okay?

A: Yeah.

G: What about butter?

A: Well, you’re going to eat butter with it, so always eat a little butter
with your meat. But, you want cheese to absorb that excess fluid.

G: I have the lube formula after the meat.

A: Uh-huh, then you need cheese. Definitely need cheese with your meat meal.

G: Okay, I’ll try that.

G: Yeah, but is that going to put the weight on her?

A: No.

G: I haven’t weighed myself in ages. I’ve got nothing to worry about
because I feel wonderful.

A: Exactly.

G: Did you get chubby when you first started the diet?

A: Oh, yes.

G: Because it’s been going on three years now.

A: As soon as I started eating lots of dairy and meat from September ’76 –
it took me a year to get chubby – not quite. I got chubby right away –
probably four months.

G: So did I.

A: So, I stayed chubby until about ’94.

G: Is that right from ’76 to ’94?

A: Yeah.

G: That’s a long time.

G: You’ll have to find yourself a woman.

A: He said I’ll have to meet a different woman. We know that’s a lie.

G: But, you know speaking of that though: I noticed all this weight. Now I’ve
got them right down here. Whereas, before it was up here. It dropped down to
here and that’s no fun. I mean, it looks like –

A: Well, at least it’s moving.

G: What does that mean?

A: It’s moving. If it doesn’t move then you’ve got a problem; you need to
move those toxins to get them out of the body. And if they’re dropping down to
the lower part of your abdomen that’s a good thing; dropping down to all those
lymph glands you have in the crotch and try to neutralize that toxicity.

G: Okay.

A: So, be delighted.

G: Yeah, well, not in the summer time. In the summer time I’ve got to wear my
–

A: Your bikini?

G: (Inaudible). Because it’s like a girdle. I’ve to do it in the morning
when there’s nobody there.

A: Those people don’t know you – who cares.

G: Exactly. Who cares? It’s your body – you have to live with it.

A: Any other questions?

G: Aajonus?

A: Yes?

G: As you’re getting older and you do have that skin – is there any way to
get rid of that excess fat?

A: It’s better not to, until your body will naturally remove it. You don’t
want to lose it.

G: It’s right there. Is there any way to remove that, or –

A: No, you’re asking for trouble – you’re asking for symptoms.

G: Right.

A: So, the more fat you have, the more protected you will be.

G: Okay.

A: Okay, folks.

G: Thank you.

[End of audio]

===

QA_SD_2008_07_20
