?
title=Q&A Of September 26, 2010

# Q&A Of September 26, 2010

@[Source](https://www.primaldiet.net/aajonus-qa-2010-09-26/)

Q: Herbs

A: I have been experimenting with herbal compresses. My first building in
Thailand was built facing the wrong direction – away from the lake so had to
have it moved to face the lake. Thousands of tons and built on 19 pillars, I had
to have it moved an inch at a time with a hoist on each pillar. It took five
days to turn it in the right direction and one of the square-edged pillars at
one point landed on my toe, splitting it in two down the center to the bone. I
put lime juice on it right away and coconut cream with a little honey and
wrapped it. Went back to work right away but in excruciating pain. About three
days later, a local person told me I should take a certain plant, grind it up
and put it on. I did and it shrunk the flesh making it four times worse actually
pulling the skin back. So I put on meat I and placed a piece of [the white part
of the] watermelon over that as a bandage to keep it from drying out while
allowing it to aerate a bit and then put a cloth bandage over that. Started
growing back and it was fine. Then I went to the Philippines and they
recommended a different plant and I tried that. At that point it was only
hurting in the bone, not where the skin had been split. It did the same thing,
completely reversing ten days of healing. I again went back to meat but with a
thicker layer of watermelon to keep it moist so the meat wouldn’t turn into
jerky in two days. I left it on my toe without changing it for ten days and it
stunk with all the bacteria and was almost completely sealed up. This is what it
looks like now – this is beef jerky now with a thin slice of watermelon that I
put on three days ago. You can see the toe is almost normal now except the skin
is a little red. The skin was all gone from here to here in what is now the
reddish area. In contrast, I didn’t put anything on the next toe and you can
see it’s bruised underneath where red blood cells are accumulated. That gives
you an idea of what your body can do, if you let bacteria grow and use meat as a
sealant. I thought for sure I was going to lose that nail but I won’t – but
I may lose the one that I left untreated.

Q: So, meat and then watermelon?

A: No, first lime juice – not as antiseptic for bacteria/microbes but in case
there was some tar or other toxic agent on that lumber. Lime juice finds
anything like that and arrests it. So your body might have to use some white
blood cells and infection to harness those toxins. But there was no pus; I
didn’t lose any white blood cells. Then, honey and coconut cream and meat on
top of that. The meat acts as a scab so the body doesn’t have to build one and
the skin can grow quickly and more easily. Then a strip of the white part of the
watermelon rind to keep it from drying out. You could also have used the white
part of the grapefruit rind. In both cases of trying those herbs the new skin
– the healing – disappeared in 24 hours.

Q: How often have you changed dressing?

A: Four times in the three weeks since the accident. I always use sirloin
because it’s wetter. There’s a misconception. Sirloin is not lean, it just
doesn’t marble. On grain, they’ll store the fat deposits; on plants/grass,
that is all saturated throughout the tissue – permeated perfectly. So although
they say grassfed is lean, it just means it hasn’t formed pockets of fat but
rather fat permeates the animal’s tissue.

Q: A friend used Accutane for his acne. He no longer takes it; he still has
acne and suffers massive depression. He is on the diet now, but is there a way
to detox?

A: First of all, acne is the response of the body to get rid of poisons out of
the brain, jaw and mouth out the skin. Ninety per cent of toxins are supposed to
leave through the skin. Acne is a good thing as external skin damage is better
than internal damage to the brain, etc. People prefer aesthetics over
functionality [of the brain]. It’s your choice. Accutane is a very dangerous
drug. According to an interview of one of the scientists involved in creating
it, they knew that adolescents were going to be using it and that it had a
tendency to cause depression which would lead to them using more drugs for
depression. It’s made to affect the nervous system and the brain. It is not
easy to get Accutane out of the body. It does attach to metals – whether
aluminum, cadmium, mercury or lead – that is how it affects the brain and
nervous system. They don’t usually use lead because it causes too many
problems that show up right away and they get caught. So they’re very delicate
about what they formulate so they can’t easily be scientifically held
responsible. It’s like the cigarette industry putting ammonia in a form
that’s not traceable once it’s smoked. Ammonia releases the nicotine quickly
to get into the nervous system and creates an addiction. That’s what these big
corporations do. So getting rid of Accutane, cilantro can be helpful, –
blueberries, blackberries, boysenberries, raspberries - are helpful. Dates when
eaten with butter are helpful for depression. They say you can’t digest pectin
but in my lab experiments I’ve seen pectin from dates – not apples or
berries – enter the nervous system because of the high nicotinic acid (niacin)
vitamin B and help with depression. Cheese, dates and butter together will pull
out poison even better.

Q: Relationship of detox and skin problems. My father had skin problems and I
do as well. Herpes problems in the past and right now struggling with a bad
ringworm rash. Started the raw diet about 2 ½ months ago and that’s when I
noticed this issue under my arm. Using a natural based cortisone and it’s made
it spread.

A: Doesn’t make it spread. You’ve got to understand. You have a whole
concept that the pharmaceutical industry has beaten into your head. Their
chemicals cause more skin reaction because the skin is trying to throw it off.
When you use Accutane or some kind of steroid, the skin doesn’t want it and
tries to throw it off. If there’s not enough fat in the lymph glands near it
to neutralize the toxicity then you pull the fats out of that skin. The skin
will dry up and what they think is ringworm is usually pockets of fat - of
lymphatic fluid - that builds up in that area and becomes a cyst where it
attracts the poisons to try to deal with them because it can’t throw it out of
the skin easily because there’s not enough fat in the skin. You have to think
entirely differently. It’s always chemicals that cause the problems.

Q: This didn’t start with chemicals and the cortisone I use is natural.

A: Do you use a deodorant?

Q: Just sea salt and water.

A: Salt is a terrible chemical, an explosive. Sodium, when isolated, is more
explosive than nitroglycerine. The military gave General Electric two billion
dollars over the last 60 years to make an explosive out of sodium. Couldn’t do
it. One to 2% temperature change and it explodes. One block of pure sodium is
worse than an atomic bomb and would level a city. They put salt on freshly
slaughtered frog legs and they jumped all over the place for three minutes –
spasmed the entire time. Salt is a dangerous chemical. It’s why the king and
queen of England went into the business; it made slaves of people.

Q: Salt in bath?

A: Salt in baths will pull things out and break down toxins in the water and
you also have milk in there to protect your skin

Q: Himalayan salt.

A: Salt is salt. It’s concentrated sodium. When it goes into your body it
isolates it into pure sodium so it goes around clumping together and blowing up
cells.

Q: Bath salts.

A: As long as you put milk in the water, too.

Q: Ocean.

A: Unless you have oily skin, put some kind of oil on your skin first –
olive, coconut, rub in avocado.

Q: What about fungus.

A: Certain bodies use certain microbes as janitors. The people that have a high
fungal reaction or yeast infection – their bodies utilize fungus better to
detoxify. You’ve got fungal, bacterial, [unclear] which are considered
parasites. Of course many are a cross between a plant and an animal just like
the mushroom that is a fruit of the mycelium which is a fungus. When you’re
looking at a mushroom, you’re looking at animal cells in a plant form that
react [unclear] with the sun as well as eating organisms. So your body favors
fungal detoxifications. Don’t look at it as a negative. That’s what the
pharmaceuticals want you to believe so you’ll attack yourself.

Q: How do you deal with ringworm?

A: The ringworm is there as part of an intensive fat situation so your body
doesn’t have to use a lot of white blood cells. So ringworm is a great thing
to have. It’s handling all the toxicity that’s coming out of an area.

Q: Is there another way to detox without ringworm?

A: You can mitigate the necessity of the fungus - so it won’t have to do so
much work - by applying coconut cream or butter. It depends. Everybody’s
chemistry is a little different. Sometimes primal facial/body cream works and
sometimes it takes just pure coconut cream or just plain butter. And on some
skin detoxifications, you have to experiment for that particular case. Sometimes
I can tell by looking and say that butter will work here or coconut cream will
work there. But if somebody tells me they have a rash, without seeing a
photograph I have to guess.

Q: Deodorants.

A: Any kind is horrific other than lemon or lime juice.

Q: Taking cheese 10 minutes before eating. Milk instead work the same?

A: Milk will work to a small extent but it’s liquid. As it absorbs, it’s
going to dilute and get into your other food that comes through. It takes 20
minutes for solid foods to clear your stomach minimum. You’ve got that milk
with the poisons in it. It’s not going to keep it from diluting the
hydrochloric acid that’s going to be produced 10 minutes later and you’re
not going to chelate with all the poisons. When you’ve got a dry substance
like cheese, it’s going to absorb those poisons in the first fluid as you
dump. Remember, most people put their worst toxins in their stomach lining
because the stomach manufactures hydrochloric acid. Hydrochloric acid dissolves
bone. Only thing it doesn’t dissolve is its own stomach lining so it’s a
good place to store something that would be highly toxic, caustic, diseased -
for rest of the system. I find looking at your iridology you have a lot of
formaldehyde, mercury and aluminum in your stomach lining. That’s the super
vaccine. I’d say 87% of the people I see have that chemical soup in their
stomach lining. Every time you eat, your body is going to get rid of a little
bit of that at a time and it’s going to poison the rest of the body as the
food digests. However, when you eat raw, no-salt cheese ten minutes before, it
will not digest; it comes out almost exactly the way it went in, in my
laboratory analysis of feces. Unless you eat honey with the cheese. When you
directly mix cheese with honey, it doesn’t come out but stays in the body.
Then you’ll be reabsorbing, re-ingesting, the poisons. [Note: I think he’s
referring to the 1.5 to 2 tablespoons cheese taken together with 1 to 1.5
teaspoons honey as his recommended 1xday mineral supplement.]

Q: [unclear] hydrochloric acid

A: Well, hydrochloric acid is a chemical formulation and not natural unless
you’re eating the stomach lining of some animal. It would have to be a
carnivore because the hydrochloric acid in herbivores is an alkalinizing agent
to break down protein for cellulose. It isn’t anything like what we have.
You’d have to have a lion’s stomach or a bear’s stomach or a pig’s or
something like that to get the proper hydrochloric acid. Or, you could drink
beet juice. Two ounces of beet juice a day will keep you producing a fair amount
of hydrochloric acid.

Q: Cheesecake – cheese and honey - bad for you?

A: If you’re trying to re-mineralize the body because you have bone
deterioration – osteoporosis – you can eat cheesecake – wonderful. But 10
minutes before you eat cheesecake, have a piece of cheese without honey.

Q: That raw, unsalted cheese – what exactly does it do?

A: It absorbs the poisons [stored in your stomach lining] that are dumping in
the hydrochloric acid so you don’t digest them.

Q: Can you add butter to the cheese?

A: Can add butter but wait 12-15 minutes after that to eat.

Q: Can you eat the cheese about a half-hour before?

A: That won’t work. The stomach works in 40-minute cycles, just like we have
dream states and go into REM [rapid eye movement] every 40 minutes. [unclear] So
if you eat your cheese and wait 10 minutes, you have 30 minutes to eat your
meal. If you eat cheese first, your body will start dumping poisons from the
stomach that it needs to get rid of. If you stop eating for ten minutes, it
stops dumping poisons with the hydrochloric acid. So, then you can eat your meal
so you get the hydrochloric acid without poisons. At 40 minutes all of a sudden
your stomach starts dumping poisons with the hydrochloric acid again. So
that’s your boundary: you have your cheese, wait 10 minutes, you start eating
your meal and you have 30 minutes to finish.

Q: What about before you have your cheese? Is there a period of time you
can’t eat or drink anything before you have your cheese? Because I’ll be
sipping milk and five minutes later I’ll have my cheese – is that OK?

A: I sip all day long. OK five minutes before cheese - as long as you’re just
sipping. Don’t drink half a cup and then take cheese five minutes later.

Q: Does cottage cheese work the same?

A: Yes. Cottage cheese is still dehydrated, although not as much as hard
cheese.

Q: If you want to get your minerals with cottage cheese, do you still take it
with honey?

A: Yes, with honey.

Q: Friends are going through menopause and I probably will be soon. I started
Primal Diet 3 months ago. Some are turning to natural hormone replacement,
creams and all that which I’m hoping to avoid. What have you seen with
menopause on the diet?

A: Reactions have been varied. Probably 60% of the women – even if they were
in their late 50s – when they went on the diet got their periods back though
not regularly. I don’t think any woman on the diet over 67 still got period.
There’s only one person I know that kept their [symptoms?] and that’s K-
right here. She had hot flashes for five years. Only person I know that suffered
more than, say, five hot flashes each lasting 30 seconds a day. Those are easy
to get through.

Q: Surgery to remove ovaries is a big part of it.

A: Yes, because they put radioactive iodine or liquid mercury in there and
damages areas and screws up hormones. As I say in the book, menopause is not a
cessation of hormone production; it’s just different hormones. Instead of
hormones for reproduction, produce growth hormones so more of your own cells can
regenerate. Women live longer for that reason. Also women discharge toxins from
the vaginal area. Men don’t have a detoxification like that. Men should be
lucky enough to have hormones that switch over in their 50s to reproducing their
own cells faster. If women are not eating raw animal protein and fats, they’re
not going to change over properly and will have a lot of symptoms. Hormone
replacement therapy will make it worse in the long run and make you susceptible
to uterine and ovarian cancers. No such thing as natural hormones unless your
eating raw, desiccated ovaries. I’ve seen pig testes sold but never ovarian
tissue. Also, they’re very difficult to find as they’re very small in
animals – well shrouded in extra tissue so hard to find.

Q: I’m going to do some travelling to Europe, Canada and may be some other
countries – suggestions for eating on primal diet while travelling.

A: Europe is not easy unless you’re going to Italy or Slovakia. In Italy,
they have 1,300 raw milk vending machines and just started this week in Slovakia
with 600 machines. So can just take your container, put your money in, and buy
it by the liter. Two countries that do it without having to fight the
government.

Q: There’s one of those in Germany, too.

A: Don’t know if they’ll get away with that in Germany. What you have to do
is go online and find farm areas where you’re going – where they concentrate
organic farmers and that’s the first place you go. Get enough food for two
weeks. Get a hotel room with a kitchenette or just a refrigerator, take out all
the soda and alcohol, put it on top of the frig, and put your food in there. The
trick to staying on the diet 100% is to prepare all of your foods for the entire
day in the morning and take your meals with you. If you’re going out from 9am
to 3pm, take food to last you until 8 pm because you never know what might
happen. Give yourself no excuse to go to McDonalds or wherever to eat cooked
junk food. And it makes it very easy. No lines to stand in at Starbucks or the
donut shop or the grocery store. It only takes 45 minutes to an hour to prepare
all the food for the day from the time you eat your cheese until you eat your
meat in the morning.

Q: What about green juices when travelling?

A: You can pretty easily get green juices almost everywhere. In Asia, I drink
mostly sugar cane juice because it’s very easy to get. But there are a lot
places that actually have juicers; there is health consciousness going on in
these foreign countries. Probably won’t find it out in the tulies. And, when I
go shopping, I look for the dirtiest places to go – the poorest places that
are getting their food from local farmers not big places. If it’s got flies on
it and they’re swishing a little fan to keep them off, that’s where I shop.
Usually the meat has been slaughtered the night before. Even if I don’t have a
refrigerator for 24 or 48 hours, the meat will get bacteria ridden but it takes
longer for it to break down. When we get meat here it’s what – slaughtered
14 days before it goes to market so it’s what - 17 days old before you buy it
here at the supermarket.

Q: I’ve gone backpacking for five day with organic beef I’ve bought here.

A: I do the same, but I’ve put it in jars with coconut oil that will slightly
ferment but I don’t like the acidity of olive oil - gives me indigestion. But
you might put just enough olive oil to coat the meat and place in jar. In 1991,
I backpacked in Hawaii through Waipo Valley with my hammock and I took a quart
of 2/3 butter to 1/3 raw honey and it wasn’t until the ninth day that it even
started fermenting. I was able to live on that honey butter a lot. Packed towels
around the glass jars so they wouldn’t break. And then Ziploc bags in case
they did.

Q: What’s the look of healthy mold on berries – white, grey, black?

A: They’re all good. You want variety. White mold breaks down sugar better;
black ones break down fats better, and greyer ones break down proteins better.
So you need all of them on berries...mold on anything.

Q: I’ve had this eye infection on my lid three or four times on the diet.
What do you suggest I put on that for the swelling?

A: Does your eye leak fluid at night? Is it white or does it harden and
crystallize? [yes] You have a lot of salt mixed with some kind of other minerals
coming out. Can cause a lot of cornea damage so you want to put egg white in
your eye once or twice daily. Definitely before you go to sleep because most of
it will come out at night. Probably lodging in your tissues as a way station,
then it will come through the tissue underneath and then leak out at night. So,
you don’t want to push it to come through the skin because then you will
damage the skin and you’ll have a nasty scar. Remember, a cyst is always a
tumor filled with fluid that neutralizes localized poisons before they discharge
through the skin. If they weren’t neutralized by that cyst, those poisons
coming through the skin would cause huge ruptures. You would be pussing out huge
holes in the skin. So it’s a good thing – just protect your cornea at night
with egg white. Some people use butter and butter is excellent. I haven’t
spent as many years experimenting with butter as I have with egg white. I had
one girl – a smart, young lady - with coke bottle thick glasses and she wanted
to improve her vision fast so she started using butter in her eyes. Her eyes
improved like 50% in one year. Butter doesn’t burn the eyes but stings for10
seconds and it takes longer to break down so you don’t have a fog over your
eyes compared to egg white. Egg white is instant. Egg whites are almost the
exact formulation of tears but have a little more protein to feed the cornea of
the eye. But butter will protect the eye and cleanse it better. You can melt it
in your hand until it gets liquid and put it on the tip of your finger – just
like egg white – pull the eye lid down and look up and coat the whites of the
eye. I used to use an eyecup, wash the eye and then spend hours getting the egg
white off. Try both. Try egg white in the morning and butter at night.

Q: What do you usually eat for breakfast?

A: I wake and have cheese. After that I suck an egg or two. After that I eat my
meat.

Q: I thought you had juice in the morning.

A: I don’t do much juice anymore because it disturbs my balance of everything
so I have my juice later. For almost everybody else, you have your cheese, your
juice with egg or egg and then juice then egg again, depending on your
condition. Then you have your meat.

Q: My doctor says I have tension headaches.

A: Tension comes from toxicity, industrial chemical poisons. Your brain is full
of them. How long did you go before you went to a good diet? You ate additives
that are in your brain, everywhere. That’s what creates problems. It’s like
in 1967-72, five or six universities in Canada pulled together and took children
ages 7-12 and watched those eating foods with additives versus mainly
organically raised foods with no additives. Both were mainly cooked diets. Those
consuming additives had tension, upset, bad grades, poor attention spans. Those
consuming no additives, no chemicals, were perfect students – no complaints,
no arguments, sit and learn fast, thought fast. The findings were released and
publicized for one week. Should be drilled into everybody everyday. But who runs
the country? The king and queen of England own 70% of all food processing in the
world. Plus several families. Catholic Church is the next. King and queen of
England own a tremendous amount of property - almost a third of the land in the
U.S. - through trusts. Most of the government land is really owned by the queen
and king of England. [Note: I think he is referring to Kevin James Cahill’s
Who Owns the World (2009).]

Q: I’ve been eating white meat raw chicken almost 100% of the time and lately
my body’s been craving red meat. Do I bring in red meat and, if so, how much
do you recommend?

A: If you crave red meat, I would eat it until you’re satisfied. Try ¼ cup
red meat; if that doesn’t satisfy you, go to ½.

Q: Should fat - butter and cheese - be eaten simultaneously with meat?

A: Depends on quantity. If you're a weight-lifter or body builder and want to
develop big fast, have a full lubrication formula: 3-4 tbl with the meat and the
rest 10-15 minutes following because the protein will help you digest that fat.
Fat takes 3 times longer to digest than proteins. So it’s better to have most
of the fat 10-15 minutes after the protein, if you’re having a lot. If
you’re a weight-lifter and burn a lot of energy, you can just gulp stuff like
that. I can’t. I’ll sip it. If you’re only having 1-2 tbl of fat, have it
with the meat as a sauce or however you want. But you want all the fat within 40
minutes.

Q: [You’re thinner than I remember you looking – unclear]

A: No, I’m not as thin as I’ve been. When I came back from getting all
those injections, I was in worse condition. However, I got slimmer here this
time because just in the last ten days, I’ve had the same chemicals that
caused all the scarring here come out on my upper back. See all this old flesh
looking stuff - my body ripped a lot of the muscles out to handle that toxicity
because I’m underweight. If I had had enough fat, my body probably wouldn’t
have had to take the muscle along with the fat to repair. I’m finally losing
that baby fat I’ve had for so many years. Finally looking like my mother who
was part French and American Indian and had a narrow face. Look like my
brothers, too. But I was so pumped full of so many injections [unclear – in my
gums now] and I’m now getting rid of it.

Q: Someone told me that dyslexia comes with being left-handed. I’m slow in
thinking, slow in moving.

A: That’s because your brain is separated. I’m right-handed and was
terribly dyslexic. When I look at your irises, your brain is fractionated and
your motor and sensories are not working together. It takes quite a bit of time
from the analytical process to the motor response so you’re having a slower
time with that. I was the same way when I was autistic. You could have given me
an idea and it could take 20 minutes to figure out two words. Your senses are
perceiving it, your analytical processes decide to move, but there’s a long
gap to the motor response.

Q: I’ve been on the diet now 12 ½ years.

A: When I got you, you were like this and could barely talk. Your skin was
grey. You had black patches all around. Look at you now. You look wonderful.
Just because you’re not completely well in twelve years. It takes forty years,
like I said in my book. I still have eleven years to go for my cycle and I’m
still dealing with people trying to fuck me up as well as myself doing it with
motorcycle accidents and workers who drop things on my toe.

Q: Detox with continual head pain. Pressure pain here and here; it doesn’t go
away.

A: Salt. Causes fluids to collect to dilute the sodium that causes swelling.
There are no nerves in the brain. I could eat your brain and talk to you at the
same time as long as I didn’t destroy that part of the brain for communication
and you wouldn’t feel it. The nerves are in the skin – the meninges - of the
brain. So when the brain holds sodium and collects water, it puts pressure
between the skull and meninges and that’s a headache. It’s never inside the
brain; it’s in the skin of the brain. So you have to get the skull to expand
and allow for the swelling while your brain detoxifies.

Q: Can anything mitigate the pain?

A: Things that help get rid of fluids. Sparkling mineral water, grapefruit will
help discharge fluids.

Q: Why do you recommend adding mineral water to Terramin clay and letting it
sit 3-4 days before using?

A: If you have it dry, it’s going to stick to and cake on to your intestinal
walls disturbing mucus and vilii under it. Mucus won’t be formed properly
there unless you produce a lot and it falls off with the clay in which case
you’ll have a lot of mucus in your stool. It takes a lot of protein to make
mucus. If you look at mucus under the microscope, it looks like somebody has
woven a fabric anywhere from 12-16 layers thick. Mucus grows like that layer
after layer and when you have good mucus it protects your intestinal lining.
Mucus holds on to food so it can be moved by the action of the villi that are
covered with digestive enzymes. Sugars will eat away the villi and by the time
you’re 50, you have less than half left. They produce enzymes to help you
digest. Enzymes in humans and most animals are there to break down larger
particles of food so that bacteria – which should be 80-90% of digestion -
infiltrate that food to eat it and break it down. Their waste is our food. So we
live on feces and urine of bacteria and/or parasites. If you put dry clay in
there, it disturbs the balance. So you soak clay. When you soak clay, it
produces its own bacteria. Clay is one of the most unusual substances in the
world. It has ­­­[amoeba?]-like organisms in it that shape-shift. It can
become a malaria worm, a parasite to help us clean the blood or a trichinosis
bacteria to help us digest. Only food in the world that shape-shifts. So when
you soak it for more than three days, that process is going strong and when it
goes into the body, it’s like stem cells of a bacterial or microbial nature to
get your probiotics going. Best probiotic you can have. I like mine soaked 4-5
days and then I mix a tablespoon of it in milk. Tastes like chocolate milk. I
make big batches and have kept it two years. Might get a little mold after a
year. Never refrigerate because then you’ll only breed molds, not bacteria or
parasites. Only fungus can grow in those cold temperatures. Add enough water
that it looks like plaster of Paris. I put in a dark cupboard with a
not-too-tight lid.

Q: How much?

A: Usually 1 tablespoon a day unless you have a problem.

Q: Just leave it out?

A: I put a lid on it – not too tightly – and put it in a low, dark cupboard
so it’s cooler.

Q: Do you soak it in what you’re going to consume?

A: No, I soak it in water. Then, I stir it when I take a tablespoon out and put
it into milk.

Q: [unclear- before or after food?]

A: If you’re just taking it with water, good not to have it with food but 40
minutes or an hour after food. Doesn’t matter in milk. It’s not a problem,
because clay in milk is really a food. We don’t digest earth like plants do
but when we have that bacterial action, the bacteria that is naturally in clay
is breaking it down – their waste is our food – so we get to eat the way
plants do when we eat clay.

Q: What’s your take on water?

A: Water is only a solvent; it’s a medicine. It’s not something to drink or
much value at all. Water is completely nutrient deficient – has few minerals
in it and that’s it. It is a starving water. Dissolves rocks when it rains so
plants can eat. In your body, it dissolves your mucus lining, dilutes your acids
and destroys your bacteria – except for amoebic type bacteria that resist and
respond very well to water. But the 85% good bacteria in your intestines are
sensitive to water. Water is good if you’re using it to help make solvents in
your body to get rid of toxic compounds. Remember, even meat is 55% water. Milk
is 86-90% water. All fruits are 90-92% water. Can utilize 100% of this water in
your cells. Drinking straight water, you’ll only absorb 10% of it and it dries
out the inner side of the cell. When you take water from food you get nutrients
with it.

Q: I’ve heard you can’t have radiant health with bad teeth.

A: Well, you’re not going to have radiant health unless your bones are solid
and your genes are good but you can have very good health with bad teeth. I have
very bad teeth. Only this one on top doesn’t have a cap. Four caps on the
bottom.

Q: Your dentist?

A: Tomas Britton. He’s in Tijuana. You need a passport. [Note: I think the
link is http://www.brittondental.com]. [unclear discussion about passports]
He’s a third generation dentist. He does what I want him to do, even if he
doesn’t agree. Doesn’t argue. Just tells me his opinion and does what I
want.

Q: Friend has stomach cancer [unclear]

A: She needs to make coconut vinegar by taking coconut cream and letting it
ferment until the water separates at the bottom and then you leave that out
until it turns to vinegar. May take her a few weeks to make or she can take
apple cider vinegar which isn’t as good as coconut vinegar for the stomach.
She can take 2 tablespoons of apple cider vinegar in 2 ounces of raw milk every
day and have green cabbage juice – head cabbage, not Chinese. Drink 2 ounces
3-4x day. Coconut vinegar, she takes a tablespoon with a half-cup of raw milk.
ACV isn’t as good for the stomach as coconut vinegar.

Q: Some doctors say caffeine helps with circulation and others [unclear]

A: If you have congested arteries. If you have a lot of fat in your body
that’s not metabolizing, caffeine can be good for you. If you’re on this
diet, it’s the worst thing you can do to your nervous system. That and
chocolate.

Q: Olive and flax oils – which is better?

A: Olive oil is better. It doesn’t harden. Flax oil will. That’s why I say
no more than a tablespoon a day in my books. You can have 2-4 tablespoons a day
of olive oil. But remember any pressed oil is 90% solvent reactive. It’s going
to be used for detoxification whereas your animal fats like butter, milk and
cream will nurture your body at least 50% and may be lubricate and cleanse 50%.
But that’s maximum. Normally in a healthy individual only 25% is used for
detoxification while 75% is used to nutrify and protect the body. I don’t use
oils very often or very much. But, when you have a cancer situation, you need
solvents. That’s why I say in the book that people with cancer have to have
flax oil every day.

Q: What about hemp seed oil?

A: Hemp seed is almost like castor oil bean. Has same poison in it and can
cause heavy diarrhea. It doesn’t have the ratio that castor beans do but
it’s still pretty high.

Q: Cod liver oil?

A: Cod liver oil is an animal fat. Wonderful. But usually it’s processed with
a kerosene derivative to pass FDA inspection. Not like the old days in the 70s
when you could get an oil that stunk like fish, was cloudy and healthful. In
1978, it stopped; the FDA came in and screwed up everything. Said you can’t
have any protein products in it because it could break down into bacteria.

Q: Can buy fermented raw cod liver oil.

A: Yeah, but it’s not the same. Only way is to cut it open yourself. Very
heavy but not as heavy as seal liver.

Q: What about fermented Green Pastures?

A: OK. But, as I said, when you have an oil like that, it predominantly becomes
a solvent to cleanse the body. If you have the protein with the fat, it is
different. So, if you want cod liver oil to be more nutrifying, not just
cleansing, but stabilizing and strengthening for the body, eat it with a meat
meal.

Q: Fibromyalgia treatment?

A: If you’ve got fibromyalgia, you’ve got problems everywhere in your body.
It depends what’s poisoning your body. Mine was chemotherapy. When I was
young, it was all the tetanus and other injections. I didn’t want to move –
didn’t want to get out of bed, out of my chair – because I would have PAIN
just from moving. It’s the poisons in the body and you have to get fat so the
fat can start absorbing those poisons. Let me tell you, almost all of my pain
went away when I was 10 years old and I got fat - huge. I started eating and
eating like I hadn’t ever before and most of the pain went away but I was also
addicted to chocolate-covered cherries. Would go through a box of them in 40
minutes. Diabetes. So, you just have to get fat. If you have fibromyalgia, you
have poisons throughout your system and you need fats to bind with the poisons.
You’ve heard the expression “fat and happy”? The people that came to me
skinny and suffering the aches and pains of fibromyalgia – they got fat and
all the pain went away... except for the pain of looking fat.

Q: How fat?

A: Depends – you have to get fat until you stop having pain.

Q: Is it enough to just have fat in your diet?

A: No. You need to put on the fat so that it is stored in your muscles and
tissues.

Q: (unclear) Crave bread. Grains.

A: Any kind of grain is a problem. It will dry up everything in your body.
You’re also going to feed penicillin and other nasty antibiotic funguses.
You’re craving starch. Eat the nut formula; nuts have a lot of starch.
That’s all we mainly digest of nuts. We don’t digest the 2% protein or the
less than 1% of the nut oil fat but we’ll digest up to the 25-28% of the
starch in nuts.

Q: What if she just puts a lot of butter on the bread?

A: She’s still going to have to deal with bread, a cooked food. However, as I
say in the book, the nut formula doesn’t work for hyperactive people.
They’re going to have to have some cooked starch – some bread. I even have
one-half to one-third cooked boiled rice when I’m in Asia doing all the
activities that I don’t do here – climbing, building, welding dealing with
copper. I get very skinny and hungry – don’t have access to cheese – the
acid in my intestines start making me uncontrollably hungry. So I’ll have
about four tablespoons of rice with three heaping tablespoons of butter and that
will last me for a month.

Q: Mother-in-law had stroke in her eye and lost 60% of her sight. Will butter
and honey help?

A: Cornea or deeper? [unclear] When you have internal bleeding you have blood
cells where they’re not supposed to be blocking vision. It’s like this black
and blue area on my toe – it is red blood cells that got crushed out of the
vein into the tissue where they don’t belong. My body has to break down those
red cells and get them out. I put lime juice, honey, coconut cream and neem oil
on the toe that was mangled 20x worse and there’s no bruising. But the one I
didn’t treat has all the blood still under the nail. That’s because I put on
meat, etc. that drew out the blood cells. The bacteria on the meat can digest
those red blood cells. So it goes through my nail, through my tissue to the
blood cells. Bacteria is the way. She has to put a very thin sliced piece of raw
meat on her eye at night with something to keep the meat moist. Over the meat, I
would put something like the white of watermelon rind cut thin into a little
band-aid over the meat and maybe an eye patch to hold it in place. [Eating]
pineapple helps break down clots. If she’s bursting blood vessels, she needs
raw green head cabbage juice. That stops strokes in a minute. Four ounces of
that and it’s impossible to have a stroke for almost six weeks.

Q: Hot-cold hydrotherapy.

A: If you’re staying in 120-degree water more than 7-8 minutes you’re
causing brain damage; if you’re in cold water more than a minute, you’re
going to cause some serious damage. Swedish know this and go into the ice-cold
water for one minute maximum and they time it – usually for 45-58 seconds and
jump out. They’ll stay in hot water 108 to 110 maximum for 45 minutes. Back
and forth. Very stimulating. Very taxing on the body; causes massive
detoxification. Good, if you’ve got enough fat in your intestines, in your
nerves. Eat butter, cheese and honey.

q: Unclear [Need to add anything to water]

A: If you’ve got well water or spring water you don’t have to put anything
in it. Hot springs have minerals but that’s OK because they don’t have
concentrated chloride or concentrated chlorine. Has sulfuric acid but it
doesn’t absorb through the skin. If you’re on municipal water, you have
toxic chemicals that penetrate the skin like kerosene: chloride, chlorine,
fluoride. Why do you think pool water burns swimmers’ eyes and they get so
much asthma and allergies?

Q: Saltwater Pools where you add salt and it turns into chlorine.

A: That’s a natural form of chlorine; it doesn’t form chloroform gas.
You’ve got natural and unnatural chlorine. The chlorine they put in pools is
chemically made processed with petroleum chlorine to eat into things – to kill.
Normally chlorine is a predominant part of hydrochloric acid - a nutrient - but
when it’s made to be a cleanser it’s not a healthy chlorine. So when you put
salt in the water and add the electrical impulse that causes chlorine to form,
it does not cause chloroform reaction. Still not good to drink but it’s OK to
swim in it.

Q: Unclear [Veganism]

A: I think all vegan diets are horrendous. I was vegan for 6 ½ years and I
started dissolving my bones. Few people can do it. I’ve met eight out of 3000
people that could be on it. Your sister was one – the only female of the eight
that did it but then her spine started deteriorating at age 34. So she had to
leave her vegetarian diet.

Q: David Wolfe is vegan.

A: No, he’s not. I got reports 2 years ago. I told David almost nine years
ago, “You’re no different than I am. In seven years you will be eating
[varied].” “Oh, no I won’t,” he said. Well, a little over a year and a
half ago I got a call from people working with David saying that he was eating
raw cheese and raw milk. And when I saw him last year in Hawaii, he was having a
lot of dairy. He got people on contract not to divulge. If you’re one of the
special people, fine; if not, it will make you have cancer that will never
reverse.

Q: Unclear. Cancer.

A: Well, this diet reversed 95% of all cancers unless it’s [unclear] only
60-65%. All cancers are created by industrial pollution. Industrial pollution
can be caused by being a coal miner breathing in all that coal dust. Mercury is
concentrated in coal. That’s why it’s bad for us to be burning it and
filling the atmosphere with mercury. These coal miners get lung cancer,
emphysema and everything else.

Q: Unclear.

A: Pollution is everywhere. Even in Thailand. They’ve got DOW Chemical over
there. They’re getting wise to it. This year they passed an organic farmer
support law. The government is giving them 42 million Bai. And where I am in the
Philippines is considered the organic island. We have famous organic people
there.

Q: Do you add something to water when taking lymphatic baths?

A: It’s in my book. A half cup of milk (at least a cup if you can smell the
chlorine), 2-4 TBL raw organic ACV, 2 TBL sea salt or Epsom salts and, if you
want to make sure you skin is soft, a couple heaping TBL coconut cream. You
could add 1-1 ½ tsp of coconut oil but it’s mainly a solvent and doesn’t
have all the water-soluble vitamins of coconut cream. Coconut oil is mainly a
cleanser – 90% solvent – if you want to be on heavy cleanses that’s
fine… [unclear]

Q: Young coconuts…

A: They are good to eat but you can’t make coconut cream with them. Young
coconuts will ferment fast; older ones don’t ferment but mold.

Q: Constipated on the diet. [unclear]

A: It’s not really constipation. Although you’ve gained a lot of weight (2
sizes up), you’re skinny. You’re so nutrient-deficient that when you take in
all this good food, your body absorbs all the nutrients it can, holding on to
the fecal matter so that it’s dry before you get it out. Your body has been
starving a long time. It may be years before your body is not so desperate and
doesn’t hold on to fecal matter until it turns into rock. You need more fats.

Q: But I need to get rid of all those toxins.

A: Ninety percent of toxins are supposed to leave through the skin, not the
bowels. Before you started the diet, your body was a dry desert with cracked
skin. Keep doing the butter mixture up your butt. Do that every other day for a
while, then every 3 days, then every 4 days, then 5 days…then once a month. If
you start eating a lot of fruit, especially dried fruit, you’re going to move
but will have sugar problems in your intestines.

Q: Prunes?

A: Dates are about the only dried fruit that’s OK. But eaten with butter or
butter and cheese – not alone.

Q: How about mango and papaya? Kiwi…

A: OK if you’ve got the fat on you. Kiwi is acidic so it’s not going to
destroy the albumin balance in your body but it’s also very acidic. Eat a lot
and it will eat your tongue away. So you should always eat some fat with them.
Any fruit is OK if you’re only eating once a day – half a cup, if you’re
small. Cup or a cup and a half, if watermelon. [Unclear]… as long as you have
cream or butter with it, it’s OK.

Q: Different diets for different cancers like dairy not recommended for breast
cancer…

A: That’s all bullshit. Like the pharmaceuticals ploy to make you believe
they are thinking about you by creating different chemotherapies for different
cancers to convince you that they’re smart and you’re not and to let them
inject poisons into you. Like vaccines. If I blended liquid mercury, aluminum,
formaldehyde, detergent, ether, and a rotten egg, how many of you would drink
it? And the inert ingredients are worse. Forty-three to 63 ingredients and there
is nothing nutrifying in a vaccine – only poisons. In their rational mind, who
is going to let that be injected into your body?

There are foods that help. For spinal cancer, I suggest papaya; lung cancer, I
suggest pineapple; liver cancer, I suggest papaya and pineapple. For colon
cancer, I suggest green cabbage juice with a little papaya and pineapple. Butter
is usually the best for skin cancer and you can put pineapple on the area. You
can use apple cider vinegar but it’ s tricky; it will work, but you have to
make sure it’s localized. Oh! I’m working on a new thing. I need people with
freckles or moles. When I put pineapple all over my skin to see what would
happen – leaving it on all day - I discovered the next day my freckles were
reduced in color by 10%. I used to have all these liver spots over the backs of
my hands and after five applications, 80% of the spots are gone from my hands. I
take a chunk of whitish yellow pineapple – not unripe (white) as it will burn
and ripe (yellow) as it’s too high in sugar – and rub it on. Let it soak in
20 minutes and then put butter on top if you have very dry skin. I had 20x the
freckles last year that I have today. I had 2-hour massages once a week for
three weeks. I blended 3 ounces - each at room temperature - coconut cream and
butter with 3-4 tablespoons of pineapple juice and had the massage therapist use
that. Would use half of that for an hour massage. I had three massages that way.
Removed 30% in this area and 80% here and here. And it turned the hands around
of the elderly massage therapist who then wanted to know how to make it. You can
make it and store it in the refrigerator so it doesn’t ferment so much and put
it in warm water to use again.

Q: Eczema.

A: I experimented with some people with eczema and butter worked better than
[unclear]

Q: Strawberry skin birthmarks.

A: Those are iron and iodine deposits.

Q: Sparkling mineral water…

A: If it’s naturally carbonated – “naturally” appears before carbonated
or sparkling – that means it’s out of a well. So you have a carbon pocket of
gas in your well. They put pipes down into both and shoot them out together. All
of your naturally sparkling waters are from gas in the well. Perrier, San
Pellagrino, Panario; Gerolsteiner is my favorite.

Q: Upset stomach.

A: Cheese or milk. Little Kefir.

Q: Food combining with milk. In your first book, you say you can have milk with
some juice for mental alertness. How much of each?

A: There are different ways to do it, different stages, for different people.
Probably the most immediate way to clarify focus is to suck an egg. If you want
long-term focus and concentration, you mix 1/3 juice, 2/3 milk along with an
egg. You have all kinds of colonies of bacteria and they all work together,
except those in the small intestine and those in the bowel. But only about 2% of
our bacteria can handle cellulose so we don’t want to eat much vegetation; we
should have vegetables in the form of juice. I don’t suggest having juice with
meat because the former is too alkaline. Vegetable juice is over 90% liquid –
water - so only have to break down 8-10%. In meat, have to break down 45-50%
protein and fat structures.

Q: Sometimes Rawesome has a ceviche with pepper or mango so there’s a lot
vegetables along with chicken or fish.

A: When I eat that stuff, all the vegetables get lost but tastes good.

Q: Plaque [Multiple Sclerosis? unclear]

A: To get rid of that kind of plaque, I suggest you take a piece of unsalted,
raw cheese and ten minutes later drink the following mixture: about 2 oz coconut
cream, half a cup of pineapple, and ¼ tsp vinegar (raw ACV), 1 tbl butter, 2
tbl dairy cream, and 1 tbl honey. Drink slowly – take 30 minutes. Will start
taking it out a little at a time. Do this five days a week taking two days off
– they don’t have to be consecutive days. After may be six-seven months
increase to ½ tsp vinegar.

Q: Fibromyalgia and putting on a lot of toxic weight.

A: I cover this in my DVD. Hormones are for emergency purposes only. Your body
does not use hormones except in emergency situations. If you fall out of a tree
and have the wind knocked out of you, you stop breathing or your heart stops,
your thyroid, your parathyroid kick in to start your heart and lungs working
again. You have a pair of thyroids and each has a pair of parathyroids. You have
a back up to the back up system. Your lungs and heart are your most important
organs to survive. You can’t stop breathing for more than 4-6 minutes without
brain damage. They get men and women to take Thyroxin so their hair won’t fall
out. It usually works but doesn’t work off the same mechanism. Your thyroid
works for emergency purposes. People consume food with toxic substances, so your
body goes into emergency mode and makes hormones. Hormones are 60% fat minimum.
What does the body bind with poisons and toxins? Fat. So the body starts making
hormones not for its basic emergency purposes like the adrenals for fight or
flight – just for the inundation of toxicity in the body. So if you’re
eating enough good fats, you shouldn’t have a high hormonal level. Every one
of your hormones should be low. But the pharmaceutical industry uses this to
convince people to take their hormones. You don’t need artificial hormones;
you need good fats. The artificial hormones are made from - synthesized from -
kerosene-derived proteins from soy.

[They can cause} brain cancer, ovarian cancer, breast cancer.

Q: Andropause where your testosterone drops flat and estrogen increases.

A: Just eat fat. Usually when a person stops generating testosterone they’ve
collected a lot of toxins in their testicles – they’re dry, hardened, no
longer producing anything. Eat proper fats and nutrients and you’re going to
be cleansing the testes along with the rest of the body. And use a hot water
bottle down there at night to force circulation into that part of your body
along with nutrients. Get buffalo testes from Rawesome and eat them along with
butter. Very tasty; tastes like sea urchin sushi.

Q: Bio-identical hormones.

A: Bio-identical to what? They say it’s bio-identical to human growth
hormones but not one molecule comes from human. Fraud. They’re planting growth
hormones with petroleum-derived fats. Might help an herbivore but they’re not
going to help you. Your body’s going to use fats to protect itself no matter
the source but when the by-product of that petroleum starts outgassing in your
body, you malfunction and get cancer. It won’t help you in the short term and
will get you in the long term.

Q: What do you recommend?

A: A lot of sleep deprivation is protein deficiency. Another 10-15% is too many
hormones like testosterone or estrogen so then you have to lower the fat in your
body. Stay away from goat’s milk if you don’t sleep as it has adrenaline
precursor. Only recommend goat’s milk for fat people or those with diabetes
– not thin or hyperactive people. Drink at night and you may have very active
dreams.

Q: Milk

A: Milk has very low hormone levels unless it has rBST [recombinant bovine
somatotropin; rBST refers to bovine growth hormone that is made in a lab using
genetic technology] in it.

Q: I was a raw vegan and now put on weight. Actually drinking raw milk with
[unclear]

A: I set up an organization called The Right to Choose Healthy Food. I’ve
contracted with about 60 farmers in the U.S. over the last eight years to lease
their animals and sometimes pastures and croplands. Those under this umbrella
are part of the ownership of that land and animals so there is no commerce
involved. The government only has jurisdiction over commerce. So when you go to
Rawesome, you’re not buying the food. You already own the food. You’re
paying for the farmer, his helpers and equipment to produce and take care of it
for you. Not paying for the product but the services to bring your food to you.
Leasing is total ownership until lease is up. Cow sharing doesn’t have that
precedent. In 90 years of lease contracts in the history of this country, none
has ever been rejected. So when they took Amos Miller and his father, Jacob, to
court for not having a permit to produce raw milk and raw milk products, I wrote
a 62-page legal document for Amos and 19 -page one for Jacob – a motion to
quash or dismiss for lack of jurisdiction. I said hand one copy to the
prosecutor and two copies to the court – they’ll stamp them and present to
court. The prosecutor read a few pages and walked out. Didn’t object to it
because he didn’t want the judge adjudicating on it as it would set a
precedent because they still go around raiding. If it had been on the books in
any state, I could have gotten them right away without a long legal process. So
they didn’t adjudicate but when they hear that somebody is on my contract,
they don’t screw with them. Only reason it happened here is that the FDA, FBI
came in and they bamboozled the stupid LA County Health Dept and Attorney’s
Office to come in and raid us. Now they’re shaking in their boots because I
can get a minimum of 1.2m dollars from all four agencies.

[unclear] if laws go through, no farmers’ markets in all of the US.

Q: Sleep apnea. Breathing shuts down suddenly and then wakes up.

A: If you have that, you have toxins stored in your nervous system. High
adrenalin, caffeine, soda pop, chocolate cause that. If you have that caffeine
in your brain and it drips down into your throat, it’s going to paralyze your
throat temporarily. If you’ve gotten injections for novocaine, it can cause
sleep apnea. Those masks aren’t going to help. You need to sleep on your side
or your face. On your back, you’re forcing those poisons to go down the back
of your throat, and that causes the cessation of the muscle reaction until
thyroxin hormone is produced to start you breathing again. Put hot water bottles
on your neck and eat cheese and honey together twice daily to make sure you get
enough minerals.

Q: How much butter?

A: It depends upon your situation. No limit, if you’ve been poisoned. When I
ate the poison mushroom, I ate 1 – 1.5 pounds a day to bring my liver back
from 90% death. I would say 3-4 tablespoons a day minimum. Daily I eat probably
2 tbl a day butter, 1/2-3/4 cup cream a day, 2-3 quarts milk a day, meat.

Q: I had lasik surgery ten years ago and lost low light acuity, focusing, still
have astigmatism. Will egg white help? Also I feel like my brain works
differently now – it has affected spelling.

A: This happens to people who don’t break down dead cells so they start
scarring. Dead cell debris forms behind your eyes. Your body is trying to focus
with dead cells in the way. Take one clean drop pineapple juice – no pulp –
and mix into 1 tsp butter. That’s enough to absorb into the eye without
causing heavy detox. Pineapple will help break down the dead cells that are
inside. You had an allergy to the anesthetic or they opted to give you too much.

===

QA_LA_2010_09_26
