?
title=Q&A Of September 11, 2011

# Q&A Of September 11, 2011

@[Source](https://www.primaldiet.net/aajonus-qa-2011-09-11-p1/)

Transcriber: Melody - Thank you, Melody!

Note: voices other than Aajonus may be abbreviated to one word when other words
are not audible.

Q: When temperature goes below 70, I get a persistent cough even though I’m
on the diet 95%

A: Usually when you have a repeating cough like that it means your lymphatic
system is not working. It needs to move; if it doesn ‘t move, you’re going
to be detoxing through the lungs, the mucus membranes, when 95% of the toxins
are supposed to leave through the skin. The lymphatic system takes the toxins
and dissolves them into a fluid to be perspired out of the body. Only about 10%
makes it out of the mucus membranes including the intestinal and urinary tracts.
Our lymphatic systems are very toxic if you were raised on margarine, Crisco,
hydrogenated vegetable oils that are plastic. So they harden, solidify blocking
the lymphatic system. If you have a repeated problem, the body is trying to
clean out through the lungs instead of the skin. You need to put hot water
bottles around your neck, groin under your arms at night, too, if you want to
speed it up. I used to take 7 hot water bottles to bed with me and 3 beach
towels to sweat into and I used a down cover to make it really hot.

Q: My question is on radiation in north Pacific fish.

A: Need a Geiger counter and check after you skin it. More stored in skin and
in scales. Three days after the Fukushima accident, Secretary of State Hillary
Clinton, put together five aircraft carriers full of boron. The CIA and NSA
stopped those planes from taking off. She was going to have them fly over, dump
the boron on to the sites and that smothers – you bury it in boron, cement it
over, and that contains it. NSA and CIA stopped her. Japan was taking over a lot
of industry, was coming out with a hydrogen car this year – water-driven car.
The people in gov’t are locked heavily into oil and will not let any one
country take that away. Could have been sealed over and done with and we could
have been done with it. Rockefellers, Bush – 13 families in three
organizations.

Q: What is your take on hot flashes?

A: Menopause is changeover in hormones that you produce. Instead of
reproductive hormones for reproduction, you produce growth hormones. This is
another reason women live longer than men. The sweating is a form of detox;
you’re getting rid of a lot of those old hormones. Let’s say endometriosis
is when your body uses a cell that belongs in one location somewhere else
because your body is not reproducing a cell in that area. So your body will
borrow cells from one area and heal another area when you’re not producing
cells fast enough and that area needs a lot of help. So if you have a lot of
endometriosis with ovarian cells used throughout the body, you’re body will go
into periods in other areas of your body elsewhere like a woman having a pain in
her ovaries and her shoulder, heart, lungs back because of ovarian cells that go
into period along with the ovarian cells that are normally located. When your
body needs to get rid of those you’ll have massive heat spells – hot flashes
– and immense amounts of perspiration. Remember, the lymph system is
responsible for breaking those down into a liquid that is perspired through the
skin. Hot (105 degrees) baths reduce the burden on the lymphatic system.

Sport drink: 2 cups watermelon (pink and red from the seeds down to rind), 1
cup of milk, 1 tbl APV vinegar, 1 ½ tsp moist Terramin clay, 1 tbl each lime
juice, lemon juice, 2 tbl coconut cream, 2-3 eggs, 20 blueberries (to pull out
metals) … blend and sip. Watermelon = perspiration & body heat (can add ½ cup
tomato 1 cup cucumber, whey). Whatever you like.

Right now I’m dealing with cancer a lot from those injections. You can see
the scar right here. For 4 months the tumor was rising and shrinking and rising
and shrinking – about 7 days to get as big as my palm. Then I would soak it in
hot water for 3-5 hours with vinegar, sea salt and milk or coconut cream in it
and the next day the tumor would be completely dissolved. Finally stopped and is
scar.

Q: Vaginosis. You mentioned 2 tbl clay and douching with kefir. I was wondering
about raw coconut oil.

A: Vaginal infection could be bacterial, fungi or viral. If severe itching,
would be fungal, yeast. Pain and burning would be a virus. Odor and little
itching would be bacterial. Yours (pins and needles) is viral which is very,
very toxic substance. Usually the body will use bacteria, fungi and parasites to
break down toxic substances in the body. If the substance is so toxic that it
kills the bacteria, fungi and parasites, your cells will make a solvent – and
that’s what a virus is – it’s not alive. It’s solvent to dissolve tissue
that burns. So you’re not producing enough mucus to handle that kind of
situation so make yourself a 2 oz. milkshake for the vaginal cavity. Your body
will be able to form more mucus that way that will protect the lining. So your
body will use mucus to absorb poisons that discharge through the mucus membranes
– especially acids around the stomach and esophagus.

Q: 20 years after menopause and there’s lots of facial hair. Been plucking.

A: Better to shave. Body gets rid of a lot of heavy metals in the hair.
That’s why when you have a hair analysis you always find lots of metal.
Don’t pluck because it damages the follicle and then a week goes buy without
passing heavy metals and your skin is going to get thick and hard. Nothing to do
with hormones – but toxicity. I suggest you shampoo your hair with fermented
coconut cream (turns pink). Will be able to pull toxins from brain, scalp. Once
fermented, it will have enough alcohol. Hair will be oily but will feed the
follicle and protect scalp. Fat to defend itself against the poisons getting
into the follicle.

Q: Wrinkles.

A: Take bone marrow and rub into wrinkles every day. Allows you to absorb more
fats rapidly. You’ll notice in most elderly people the wrinkling starts around
the mouth first. That’s because most of the poisons that leave the brain leave
through the gums. That pulls all the fat around the mouth out so the whole area
gets dry so the only way you can replenish it is to have butter or cream in your
mouth frequently or have milk in your mouth and then putting it on the outside.
When I have a massage, I have 50% bone marrow and 50% butter and tsp pineapple
juice. I take a piece and squeeze it in there.

Q: Rosacea.

A: Rosacea is when you’re detoxing a lot of poisons out your skin. From your
brain, from dental injections that damage the tissue all around because it
causes a hardening. When your body breaks down the anesthesia like novocaine or
zylocaine down it becomes caustic and that causes a rupturing of the capillaries
and it’s very acidic. Again, bone marrow is the way to go to protect the skin
from the outside. Of course you can eat it too. I eat bone marrow with my meat.

Q: You told me to alternate vinegar, pineapple juice with marrow for wrinkles
in my neck.

A: Heavy tissue wrinkles: alternate bone marrow and pineapple juice. Bromelain
break down dead cells that have filled in the tissue in your neck. That’s a
good thing you have your neck like that because it shows that you’ve
discharged a tremendous amount of poisons from your neck that were in your
brain. You can see how dangerous they were to your brain and now it’s come out
and damaged your skin. To repair your skin we have to break down the dead cells
so you can replace them with live cells and that’s why you have the vinegar
and pineapple juice. One day you use vinegar, second day pineapple, and third
bone marrow or bone marrow with butter - repeat.

Q: Kidney dialysis – should you eat raw meat.

A: Pharmaceutical/Medical profession tell people don’t eat meat because you
have a lot of ketosis that occurs and protein in breakdown of kidneys. Creatine
– you wan’t it. If you don’t break down the dead tissue in the kidney you
can’t replace the cells. So you’ve got to have a lot of creatine in your
blood if your kidney is going to heal. As I tell everyone, whatever you hear
from medical professional, do the opposite and 99 times out of 100 you will be
right. So in order to heal the kidney, you’ve got to eat the raw meat. Eating
kidney helps, even though it’s high in ammonia and nasty tasting. Heart or
liver with milk strengthens the kidney. Any part of the body that is breaking
down is usually because the lymphatic system is not cleaning. When they came out
with margarine right after WWII that was the big era for jamming the lymphatic
system. They knew if they jammed the lymphatic system everyone would be seeing
the doctor at least 4x a year. Before that, people were seeing the doctor once
every 4-5 years. Hydrogenated vegetable oils have the same molecular structure
as plastic. Can’t dissolve it, no bacteria to break it down; they collect,
solidify and turn into crystals and jam the lymph nodes and glands and
circulatory system. When that happens only way to get those removed are baths at
105 degrees for 90 minutes a day. I’ve had people do it for 40-45 minutes a
day and it works but for most it takes 90 minutes. Distinguishes between
lymphatic system congestion (long baths) versus lymphatic waste dumped under the
skin (shorter baths).

At hot springs, I’ll spend 10-12 hours there. The minerals help pull toxicity
out of the body. Those molecules of minerals are too big – rock size – and
only plants can break them down and absorb them. We can’t absorb them into the
skin. When I do hot baths in the Philippines I use ice on my head as brain hates
to be hot.

Q: Brain aneurisms.

A: A brain aneurism is either a clogging breaking or just breaking. If ganglia,
axon or dentrite walls get thin (not enough collagen or protein) and you get
high blood pressure or eat something that increases pressure like salt or garlic
that can cause an aneurism (rupture/bleeding in brain). If that’s a problem
for you, just drink ½ cup of green cabbage every 3-4 days. If you tend toward
ulcerations, open wounds, skin rash should have at least 1x week. An ulcer is
tissue so toxic it doesn’t allow adhesion of cells. You need to detoxify that
area so the ulcer will mend. Cabbage allows you to build blood clots to block
bleeding, even though you’re not sealing the ulcer. If you’re bleeding
internally, out the rectum, you’re losing red blood cells = a lot of nutrients
– takes energy from the body.

Q: [inaudible]…I do intense meditation…

A: Not a good thing; you don’t want it to diminish. Perspiration and heat
melt the toxicity out of the body. You can never get over 100.1 degrees no
matter how intense the exercise – Bikram yoga or any other kind you will never
get over 100.1 unless you’re in a fever – with heavy detoxification. You
need to eat the meat – you have to replace cells [Q: I feel awful eating meat.
I’m not going to go through the rest of my life feeling awful so -] I know 8
women over the age of 16 who live just on raw milk and they’re fine. [Q: The
question is the meditation. All that heat… in the body…unclear …very
uncomfortable. I am not going to give up that aspect..So when I diminish the
meat aspect, it seems to subside significantly. ] But I don’t think that’s a
good thing [Q: but there has to be another solution. I’m not going to walk
around with that kind of heat.] Well, then stop meditating. Because when you
excite the kundalini, you raise the blood, the body’s temperature. There’s
no way around it. At least I never met a yogi who taught otherwise. It always
increases heat. But to me, that’s a good thing because it causes more
discharge. You’ll do more cleansing of protein levels, cellular levels if your
body heats more. And vegetarians will raise their temperatures even more in
meditation because their bodies are trying to adapt to an herbivorous diet –
herbivores have a body temperature of 101-105. If the lymphatic system is
jammed, it will cause a lowering of body temperature. [Q: unclear] Well,
you’ll reduce the heat if you’ll take the baths. You’ll be doing most of
the perspiring and breaking down of toxicity in your system – clogged fats in
the bath – in the bath so you won’t have to be as hot while you’re
meditating with rising kundalini. With kundalini you have a kriya kundalini
which is a cleansing kundalini. [Yes, well, again with the watermelon. Would
that help…I never perspire in my life.] You should drink some watermelon and
take baths regularly. Watermelon will help you start perspiring more. If you
were a vegetarian, it means you have a lot of vegetable oils – safflower oil,
sunflower oil... So, if you do the baths you should be able to reduce the heat
when you’re not in the baths.

Q: Heavy metals and skin tags and moles.

A: No. Skin tags, moles and warts are tumorous dead cells. Sometimes if a mole
will bleed, it’s not a tumor of dead cells, it’s a tumor cells that were
liver, pancreas, gall bladder or spleen. Dark cells that are no longer
functional as the gland or organ so the body will build it into the skin. You
can put pineapple on it every 4-5 days, vinegar on it every other day and it
will reduce, peel off. 5-6 days before the first layer turns into a scab. [shows
his?] I’ll get it wet and peel it off …every day I’ll peel another layer
off until it’s flat. When it grows again because this is where my pancreas was
so damaged from all the insulin I shot up before I was 21 years old. It will
still build up here from all the pancreatic cells because it doesn’t want to
dissolve them because that insulin is responsible for degenerative limbs. You
know there are a lot of people that are diabetic who have deterioration of their
extremities. They have gangrenous dissolving of their toes and feet, their legs
their fingers because of that toxic insulin – it’s not a proper insulin…My
pancreas and my prostate are my only two glands and organs that are not clean
yet so I have to keep working on that.

Pineapple only every 4-5 days or that bromelaine will start eating into your
good skin as well and you try to put it right on the spot. If you’re using it
to get rid of wrinkles - like the heavy wrinkles in L’s neck, you just rub it
on every 3-5 days. Otherwise, your neck will burn because you start damaging the
live cells. If when you apply the pineapple you start burning, take some milk
and rinse it off. Milk is great – I shave with milk and it’s the best
shaving cream in the world and very good for the skin. If you haven’t been on
a good diet for a long time, then butter and bone marrow are a little more
important because you need more tissue concentrated fats but after you’ve been
on the diet for a while, milk is your best skin moisturizer.

Q: So you just rub milk on like shaving cream?

A: I’ll leave it on for two minutes and then I wipe some more one and shave.
At the end, I put more milk on. You don’t rinse it off after unless your skin
is burning. Better than coconut cream which will jam up the blades.

Q: Electric shavers

A: Tear my neck to pieces. If you’re going to use them, electric shavers are
135-170 milligaus of emf field so can’t use for than 3 minutes. Cordless
doesn’t make any difference. Vibrators too, damaging nerves over 3 minutes.

Q: Chronic fatigue syndrome

A: That means your body is broken down in all areas: liver isn’t working,
lymphatic system isn’t flowing, and even your glands are non-operational. A
lot of times, I have found people with chronic fatigue syndrome have some kind
of severe impairment in their body that their body cannot afford to have energy.
If it does, it can cause brain aneurism and death, heart attack, kidney failure.
There are problems where the body says, “You can’t be active. You’re going
to have to be tired and take it easy.” Once you take care of that sensitivity,
that extreme part of the body, you can start exercising again. But that usually
means, any time a body is in chronic fatigue it’s had a lot of abuse
internally for a very long time. So, it takes a long time to get over chronic
fatigue.

Q: [inaudible]

A: Yes. Like she was a lab technician and absorbed all kinds of mercury and
became chemically sensitive – it’s called Multiple Chemical Sensitivity –
that exposure to anything would absolutely impair her from breathing. Now
she’s functional and looks pretty good. Before she went on the diet, she was
very weak, very depressed, very sensitive – almost agoraphobic.

Q: People were prodding me and would ask “Why aren’t you working” all
this stuff and I would say “I can’t. I can’t do it. That was my body
telling me to rest.”

A: She had no fats to arrest the poisons so she got active that mercury, that
formaldehyde, all those chemicals would go and start doing damage to her body
weakening the tissue. She could have had a brain aneurism, heart attack, kidney
failure, liver failure all kinds of things if she had been active. Now that she
has the fats in her body, she is healthier and can be active. You have to be
careful and know why you have chronic fatigue.

Q: [inaudible}

A: It depends upon the individual; what their problem is. Let’s say somebody
has a lot of formaldehyde from injections and benzene from airplane fuel from
being around airports. So you have all that in the system, very tired, skinny
– a lot of problems. I have him on what I call the solvent extractor which is
a little bit of mango, kiwi, vinegar, honey, coconut cream, dairy cream, eggs,
and a little bit of sparkling mineral water – all blended together. They take
that only once or twice a week; otherwise, there’s too much detoxification. It
all depends. Now she had more mercury and formaldehyde so I had to adjust that
– mainly with the berries.

Q: Is there a basic general formula that you use?

A: There is no basic formula when someone is really sick. I tweak it for the
person and for the time. When I first had her on the diet, I could only give her
so much and so many things at a time. Now I can load her up with a lot of things
and she can enjoy it more. And it varies. When I’m going through this cancer
stuff from those injections my diet has to be very strict and rigid: the time I
eat, what I eat, how much I eat. When I’m not dealing with that, I have little
more sport drink than normal, I have more cream than normal, I have my meat meal
or meals at different times of the day – I’m not as strict. So it depends
upon the body’s cycles.

Q: [inaudible]

A: Oh, yeah – she doesn’t work in a lab any more.

Q: Every time I went back into the lab trying to finish my PhD – six months
from finishing my PhD - when I couldn’t work any more – I got so nauseated
that I couldn’t stay.

A: You have to understand that even liquid mercury will vaporize and causes
crystals in the formaldehyde and it’s airborne all the time so you’re
inhaling that every moment.

Q: Who is working in the labs.

A: Very sick people and they don’t live long. The longest I’ve ever seen is
Elnora van Winkle and she was the neuroscientist responsible for cataloging all
of the chemicals in cells in the brain and she did it for 52 years at Columbia
University. When she came out of that at 72 years old or 74 when I met her, she
was a very toxic human. I put her on the Primal Diet and she recovered very
quickly even with that. She did two years on the Primal Diet. She was also the
one who took my list of 242 people with whom I worked over six years with cancer
and she called every one of them and found that 96% were still alive over six
years and some as long as 12 and 14 years. That’s why I have that testimony
from her on this diet. I said it was 95% - that was my calculation. She came up
with 96%. Any way she went on the Instincto Diet. That means you have to like
the before you eat it. They eat 65% fruit – way too much and it killed her in
nine months. Remember her body was already broken down with all those laboratory
chemicals and then they have all that fruit dissolve the body. She got weaker
and cranky, irritable. When you’re in that state, how many people know
they’re assholes. How many people that are irritable and nasty know it?
They’re so involved with their anxiety and discomfort that they don’t
acknowledge what they are and where they are usually. And she didn’t. I used
to say, “Elnora, at least eat fat with all of that.” And, she’d say “No,
no, the Instinctos say you need to be thin.”

Q: Unclear

A: Lost pigment in his skin. That’s a vitamin D deficiency. As soon as the
body gets the sunshine, it makes the vitamin D in the skin. It’s absorbed
immediately. This is severe vitamin D deficiency. It usually means this person
is not using calcium and other minerals properly in the body, not metabolizing
using oxygen properly getting rid of the carbon dioxide so the person has to put
bone marrow and butter combination on their skin and get out in the sun. Get as
much sun as they can, as much vitamin D as they can. After I ate the poison
mushroom, I had all kinds of white spots like that one lady that’s here…
severe, severe vitamin D deficiency. I had white spots all over. Yeah, like
that. I had bigger patches, those are smaller and look more like accident, like
scar tissue most of it. Whatever was put on the scar - iodine, mecurochrome,
liquid mercury caused that vitamin D deficiency in the area. So, you need to get
a lot of sunshine. You need to pack moist terramin clay on it and pull those
toxins out of the body.

Transcript volunteered by Melody (Thank you, Melody!)

Note: voices other than Aajonus may be abbreviated to one word when other words
are not audible.

Q: Insomnia.

A: That’s a very good question for some people. Normally, it’s just a
protein deficiency. Eating a milkshake is very, very good for it. Most insomnia
comes from dental injections – xylocaine, novocaine – you can have other
kinds of injections like penicillin – any of those can cause a severe protein
deficiency in the brain and can cause inability to sleep, insomnia. And it’s
very difficult. You have to pack the gums with clay every night to remove as
much as you can. You can even put it on your face but you have to keep the clay
packs wet. If they dry out, they’re going to damage your skin. You won’t be
perspiring. So the clay always has to stay wet to be active. These cosmetic
companies say put the clay on, let it dry, and rinse it off. What happens? You
rob all of the fat out of the cells so you have to use their moisturizer.
That’s the whole Catch-22. Keep that clay wet and it will pull poisons out of
your body without depriving the cells of fat.

Q: How do you keep it moist during the night?

A: What I suggest people do any time they use a clay compress is they make the
clay not dripping wet but not as hard as molding clay – in between. You lie
down, put it on your face, try to keep it from running, and then you put a moist
– not dripping wet - towel over that. Then plastic to keep moist. Finally, you
wrap an Ace bandage over that to hold it in place.

Q: How long will insomnia last?

A: Usually if a person that will eat a lot of eggs and fish in the evening, 80%
of the people can sleep. If someone has constant dental work, it could take
years. And it will go into cycles – cycles of sleeping, not sleeping as
they’re detoxifying. But if you’ll use the clay in the gums, it will help
draw it out every night, every day so you won’t be so overloaded .

Q: So this is in your mouth?

A: Yeah, you put in on your gums and leave it in all night. If you dissolve and
swallow it, that’s OK. Only way would be to pack it moist into sterilized or
organic gauze.

Q: Would olive oil keep it moist?

A: No, olive oil would take away the activity of the clay. Now you could do oil
pulling. That’s very helpful, too. I prefer coconut oil, as long as it’s
unheated. Olive oils very acidic and some of the other oils a little harder. You
put about a tablespoon in your mouth and swish it around. Some do it for 10
minutes. Some people do it for half an hour and your mouth just gets full in
that time and they expectorate it. I’ve only done two laboratory tests. I’ve
checked the saliva before and after the oil pulling and the concentration of
toxins in that oil was very, very high. It will actually pull it because your
body because your brain dumps most of that out your gums, tongue and salivary
glands. So you’ve got the oil doing it and your body’s going to work with
you. Now somebody who isn’t on the diet – I haven’t experimented with
people who haven’t been on a good diet – their body may not be healthy
enough to know what it’s doing. But on this diet, the cells are pretty smart
so the body knows you’re oil pulling, you have that oil there to draw the
poisons out of the brain just like it pulls the fats out of the face and mouth.
You only have it in your mouth so it’s drawing it out and brain will take full
advantage.

Q: Coconut cream OK, too.

A: Coconut cream has 7% oil. I haven’t tested it but probably.

Q: How long swish?

A: Up to you. My mouth fills so quickly with so much saliva, I can only do it
10 minutes or I’ll be choking. I have to spit out a little every 10 minutes to
keep it going.

Q: Sesame oil? Flax? Olive?

A: No. Coconut oil. Any of those oils have a tendency to be overly acidic:
coconut is not.

Q: I have a lot of toxicity in the brain – heavy metals – is this something
good to do regularly?

A: Yes. I know people that do it every day. It does help; I see it helping.
I’ve seen the movement of metals out of the brain and then when they start oil
pulling at least 5x week, there’s a remarkable difference. I can see a change
in 3 months when normally it takes 6 months to see a drastic change.

Q: Is there a danger of detoxing too quickly doing this?

A: Possibly. I’ve never known anyone to do that.

Q: Dental plaque.

A: Those poisons - Yes, your body uses calcium, phosphorus, magnesium and
potassium from your food and that plaque – like white tongue – that’s your
body using your good alkalinizing minerals to bind with the poisons coming from
your brain out the tongue. So the Chinese say that’s an awful thing. Sure –
it’s not good you have poisons coming out your tongue but if you don’t have
a white tongue – you don’t have the minerals to bind with the poisons coming
out the tongue, you’re going to have a bleeding, sensitive tongue and you
can’t eat. I’ve seen people with that – give them a glass of milk and all
of a sudden their tongue is white-coated. They can just brush it off and eat.
Don’t want to swallow that plaque from the tongue. Same thing happens on the
teeth. It will build up because usually your mercury and formaldehyde and liquid
aluminum, thalium – things from vaccines, canned food – dump along the tooth
under the gum. So the body takes the alkalinizing minerals – mainly calcium,
the most concentrated of it – and causes plaque on the teeth to prevent it
from damaging dentine and going to the tubules. But yet if you read the
(unclear) diet, calcium, phosphorus, magnesium and potassium is only 50% or less
functional. So you can have a lot of plaque on your teeth and not prevent the
damage that mercury can do. If people want to see how much damage mercury can
do, enter “youtube Alberta neurons mercury” in search engine and you’ll
come up with a video. You’ll see these brain neurons growing in a petri dish
and an eyedropper coming in with mercury drops. Within 2 seconds, these nerves
over here on this side are deteriorating, disintegrating. That’s how dangerous
mercury can be. You don’t have to be up against it; the gas alone can cause
severe tissue damage to the body.

Q: ALS – amyotrophic lateral sclerosis – aka Lou Gehrig’s disease

A: ALS is a very difficult one. I’ve helped them live longer but not stopped
any one from dying. ALS is a deterioration of all the tissue in the body. A lot
of doctors think it starts with MS. It doesn’t. I’ve never seen the
hardening of the nerves first like happens with MS. It’s like lupus but it
deteriorates all the tissue – not just the connective tissue as happens in
lupus. Everything dissolves. But – I’ve mitigated – people on the diet
lose very little weight but still die within 7-8 years – better than 6 months.
Like spinal cancer is one of the worse cancers you can have. People usually
don’t live very long with spinal cancer unless they’re on a strict diet and
do everything but Barbara lived 7 years with very severe spinal cancer –
advanced before she went on the diet and that was pretty good. It gave her time
to write a book, make better communication with Jim and other people. She had a
much better life because she was a fighter…surviving.

Q: Anyone with experience of melanoma.

A: I do. As recently as two weeks ago. Right here.

Q: At the Cancer Control Conference this past weekend. There was a theme about
detoxing the body and shifting from acidosis to alkalizing cells. The kangen
water machine seems to be able to shift the pH values…

A: That’s an entire hoax if you go on a raw diet. If you‘re on a high
cooked acidic diet, that would be helpful. If you do that water or any heavy
water and try to alkalinize the system, you prevent your digestive juices and
bacteria which are acidic. Ninety percent of our intestinal bacteria and
digestive juices are acidic. They are putrefactive bacteria. That water will
neutralize and alkalinize your digestive juices. T hat's not the way to do it.
The way you need to clean the body for the proper cleansing is to get into a hot
bath and be consuming enough milk and other things that will stabilize you while
you clean. The pineapple is your best friend, not alkaline water; pineapple is
still acidic so it’s in harmony with the body. You have to remember that we
are carnivores, not herbivores, so we want a 5.5 pH blood, urine and saliva. We
don’t want any alkaline event going on. If you’re eating cooked foods -
that’s a different matter. You will need a lot of alkalinization because
you’re over-acidic. And, when you’re eating everything or most things
cooked, the calcium, phosphorus, magnesium and potassium which help clean the
body of neutralized poisons and take the charge out of toxic ions of mercury,
cadmium and things like that, are heavily damaged. At just 141 degrees you
damage 50% of the calcium; you cauterize it. It’s hardened and can no longer
absorb. Just like clay. It’s malleable, it will absorb. You fire it at even
cone 2 [see pottery/ceramic chart] it’s going to be a hard substance that will
no longer absorb or have very little absorption and when you get up to cone 9,
you’re into porcelain. How much can you absorb with porcelain? nothing.

Q: Reverse-osmosis water

A: No water is good water. Even water taken from an actual spring is not good
water because water dissolves the mucus membrane, the mucus that lines and
dilutes your digestive acids and causes over-alkalinity. There’s no such thing
as acidic water unless there’s a chemical plant or some kind of dairy around
where they have a lot of run-off into the water. Now when I lived outdoors, I
only wanted acidic, high-algae water – the dirtiest-looking water I could
find. Otherwise my skin would dry out and I would lose weight very rapidly. So I
had to drink water that was very dirty with clay, mud or algae.

Q: Wine

A: The alcohol helps break down cooked and processed fat. But the French had it
down. They had all of their raw milk, raw cheeses, raw creams. They made lots of
really fatty sauces and that’s what they had before they drank wine with their
appetizers. They had crackers with butter or creamy cheese or something like
that and then they would start sipping their alcohol. The alcohol would get into
the fat and use it as a fuel – as an energy source. But now everybody is
skinny conscious so even in France you have a tremendous reduction in healthy
fat consumption and they’re getting as fat, weak and bad as the rest of the
world. The only ones who still eat tremendous amounts of nasty, awful, stinky
cheese – raw cheeses that are great for building strong bodies – are the
Germans. They consume more steak tartar than anybody else – 172,000 tons a
year. In this country, you’re looking at about 30 tons of steak tartar a year:
big difference. Steak tartar is usually ground or finely chopped beef with egg
yolk. A lot of them will eat the egg white on the side like I do. I used to call
ahead to restaurants and talk to the chef directly saying, “Listen. I’m on a
special diet, I’m diabetic, have cancer and have to have a special tartar
meal. No salt, ground pepper OK but no peppercorns, and chop a little cilantro
or parsley into it, a little tomato, an egg yolk and put the egg white in a
little cup on the side.” The chefs cope with the egg white on the side more
easily than mixed in. Usually, these chefs enjoy preparing something different
and come out to serve it. I’ve never been refused. This way you avoid the
general manager and waiter having issues with raw meat. I do carry in my glove
compartment a copy of the California law that says they are allowed to serve raw
meat if it’s on the menu or the patron asks for it raw.

Q: Hepatitis

A: The medical profession wants you to panic think it’s an attack. But
whenever you have hepatitis it’s viral. That means the liver is so toxic with
industrial chemicals that the bacteria, parasites and fungi cannot break the
tissue down and the body has to dissolve that tissue with a solvent created by
the cells. That’s what a virus is – just a solvent – just like we have
muriatic acid to dissolve grease compounds off your garage floor. Very toxic
substances but whenever you have hepatitis you have a very severely damaged,
chemically toxic liver.

Q: Unclear

A: Beet juice is good for that. You can add a little bit of pineapple with the
beet juice but it has to be a little amount or you could dissolve the liver too
fast. That would be a situation where I have someone with both lymphoma and
liver cancer –and that would be a harder person to get through the cancer if
it goes from the liver to the lymphs or lymphs to the liver because I’ve got
conflicting things going on so I have to watch a person like that more
frequently like every week.

Q: Carrot juice

A: Well, yes it is. Hepatitis also has a lot of bile stuck in the liver. The
bile is supposed to be created in the liver and sent to the gall bladder where
excess is stored. But sometimes when the bile is heavy in the liver, carrot
juice is good to remove bile. Carrot juice helps remove bile from anywhere in
the body especially with a little bit of lemon, tiny bit of vinegar, some honey
and coconut cream.

Q: Gallbladder removal

A: It doesn’t need to come out – ever! Without the bile stored in your
gallbladder, you could only eat as much fat as there is bile produced by your
liver. If the gallbladder is removed, you would only be able to eat small
amounts of fat at a time. If you eat ice cream with your gallbladder removed –
any thing with heavy fat – you’re going to have diarrhea.

Q: Gallbladder blockage and unbelievable pain

A: Put a hot water bottle there every night all night long. Wrap it so that it
stays in place. Your body will place circulation in there. More circulation
means more nutrients to cleanse and heal the area.

Q: My diet for gallbladder blockage

A: That’s a whole different subject – too specific for this Q&A session.

Q: EMF levels

A: They either put a smart meter in or a tower. There’s no way out of it. I
have some people in Iowa. I had them put magnetic patterns on each wall and it
has helped the children. You make three concentric circles with magnets and
fabric and hang above the bed. This is something I designed for my hybrid Prius
which pumps out a lot of electro-magnetic field. If in the car for two hours at
a time my right thigh on the leg using the gas pedal would ache. This is a
pillow I made to sit on that draws all the electromagnetic field up my leg right
into the down pillow so it doesn’t bother me. So I thought what worked in my
pillow might work for the wall so I had this one woman who lives near an
electrical tower and the EMF field was up to 13 in some of the bedrooms so I had
her make one twice the size of that pillow for above the headboard in each
bedroom. The kids are sleeping better and everything is working. You’re most
poorly affected by it in your sleep patterns.

You have energy that runs up to the brain all the time - flowing down and up,
down and up. Magnets are arranged N-S, N-S, N-S so you don’t get too much of
your own energy field pulled into the pillow. So it mitigates that. That’s the
way Nikken did it when I studied magnetic healing properties with them from 1989
to 92. However, a lot of the product they put out was absolutely, completely
contrary to their science, like their beds. Their magnets were up and down in
lines instead of in spirals and not flipped from north to south. It was like,
“Hey, you’ve got all of this science and you’re not using it.” Selling
all these thin pads with magnets on them for $1000 – no integrity.

Q: And farther away from the smart meter.

A: It doesn’t matter. Some of those meters can shoot fifty feet. You have to
test and see. Gauss meter is a good one to measure the effect on you. You have
to be within its range for harm. I have one from Germany and it’s a $1300
detector. I can detect it 60 feet away but that doesn’t necessarily mean it
would affect me at that distance. [TriField 100XE EMF meter from Amazon is $117
as of 4-20-14.]

Q: [Unclear]. He says there’s nothing that stops it [EMF]. It can go through
concrete, steel - can travel great distances and, if it hits another EMF, it
re-energizes and goes further, goes into the ground.

A: Yes, but you have to be able to measure three milligauss to alter the
molecular structure of cells. It has to be that high. It’s passing through us
at 3 all the time. The earth has it. I’m picking up my gauss if I’m touching
a computer or any electrical device. If I’m only touching the meter and my
feet aren’t grounded, it won’t read anything. But if I’m touching
anything, or if I’m grounded that meter goes to a 3 just by touching it. I
have a high electrical field. In doing TV shows, I have put more cameras on the
blink than anybody on the planet.

Q: I’m making the magnetic pillows for cars.

A: Doesn’t matter what car you have. Beamers, jaguars are worse. It’s the
computer chips. Instead of transistors, they’re using another element that
causes the magnetic field. Fifty cents more they could reduce it all. Older cars
– fewer computerized elements, less field. Now everyone is driving around with
135 – 200 milligauss of electromagnetic field exposure.

Q: Magnetic pillow for computer

A: Absolutely. Any time you’re around an electro-magnetic field it’s
helpful.

Q: Persistent eye infections

A: Yes, your eyes were red, swollen and oozing all the time and the skin was
full of rosacea and sores. Now it looks great.

Q: During that time, I made the mistake of putting lime juice in my eye and now
everything is blurry.

A: You scarred the cornea – probably only have one layer left. When I had the
cancer that ate 1/3 of my nose away – put a hole right here and burned through
the bone - one night the acid from the melting of the tumor got into my eye and
burned my cornea – 8 layers of scar tissue. I was blind in that eye. That was
a few hours in one night damaged the eye. That’s how bad the compounds are
when you start dissolving tumors. You have to have the nutrients and you have to
protect yourself from those fluids discharging…eyes. So, I went to the
optometrist and she said, “You have 8 layers of scar tissue at a minimum and
you have to have a cornea transplant. That’s the only way you will ever be
able to see out of that eye.” So, 7 years later I went to have my driver’s
test and my vision passed. I was actually able to read the chart with that left
eye. When I went back to the optometrist, she said, “You only have one layer
of scar tissue left.” Egg white and butter. Egg white in the morning and
butter at night. Take the egg white and tap it onto your little finger, pull
your lower eyelid down and look up and rub it along the white. Roll your eye
around to get the egg white all over the eye. Then, at night, you do the same
with a dab of butter that you have melted in your palm. Make sure you’re
already in bed because you’ll have a fog over your eyes for 10-20 minutes. Egg
white is mostly protein and will strengthen the eye for the day against
pollution. Butter at night will soothe and strengthen the eye in a different,
cleansing way. It would if they did it long enough because the retina is very
deep. We’re mainly talking about the cornea, the iris and the sclera.

Q: Dry mouth and dehydration after lymphatic bath

A: You drink a cup of milk or sport drink before you get in, two cups while
you’re in the 90 minute bath, and a cup when you get out – a quart. You
would have lost three cups of fluid during the bath and you’re going to
perspire another cup during the night and you need to replace those. Doesn’t
matter what time you take bath. If you’re doing the baths only 2x a week, the
pineapple-coconut cream mixture against lymphatic congestion (in book) needs to
be taken then. When you’re taking them every day, pineapple every other day is
fine.

Q: Chocolate and strokes

A: The only people who have strokes on this diet are the people who continue to
eat processed chocolate. Raw chocolate wouldn’t cause that problem. In
processed chocolate, you have hydrogenated vegetable oils. It’s not butter or
cream like it used to be. You’ve got plastic fats and you’ve got stimulants
– theobromine, caffeine – and that stimulates the flow in the brain, in the
nerves and you get a block with the plastic. But you can eat raw chocolate but
may not sleep well. I can only have it once a month.

Q: Trampoline/rebounding and lymphatic flow

A: Could jump all day and it’s not going to help if the lymphatic system is
jammed, clogged and hardened; great idea if already fluid and working properly.
Have to melt it in the bath and then do your exercises if you want.

Q: Red and brown age spots

A: Usually dead cells the body puts into the skin. Darker ones are from the
liver, spleen, gallbladder or kidneys. Mostly your elderly people –
octogenarians – they may have 25% of the cells in their bodies alive. If only
25%, that’s a serious problem. You can’t afford to get rid of a lot of dead
cells so you just build them as bricks in the wall. But every time your body
does that as your cells die as you get older and you’re not eating raw meat or
anything to regenerate cells for more cellular division to keep up with that
loss, you just get weaker and it’s harder to function. Let’s say the body
can’t reproduce any more cells at all in the skin. Any cells it can borrow
from the liver – if they’re dead cells rather than throwing them out of the
body through the bowels or dissolved through the lymphatic system, it will build
it into the skin. Otherwise they’d have ulcerations, psoriasis, eczema,
something like that. Steak tartar with lube formula.

Q: Psychological health

A: Remember, anybody that has depression – that is a matter of low bacteria
in the colon. E. coli is the main bacteria that breaks down the fats and the
proteins into the finite molecule that feeds the brain and the nervous system.
If you have depression, it is always a low bacteria level and your brain is not
being fed. That’s why you can eat high meat and high eggs and be giggling in
10-20 minutes; the bacteria is already broken down into those finite molecules.
So you eat it and it goes right into the nervous system. That’s why high meat
and eggs work. If you are suffering anxiety, that’s a matter of exercising. If
you’ve got physiological hormones for physiological activity and you don’t
spend them, your body is going to spend them in anxiety. So, either force
yourself to exercise or be an asshole. If you don’t have the energy – are
chronically fatigued – sing. Twenty minutes of singing is like an hour on the
treadmill – the most strenuous exercise you can do - controlling the air,
volume, tone. You never see a skinny opera singing because it takes a tremendous
amount of energy.

Q: Baths

A: You can get an ofuro, a very nice looking Japanese wooden hot tub, which
takes up about 5-6 square feet of the corner of a room. It can be inside rather
than a hot tub outside which is more costly .It used to cost me $250/month to
use my hot tub. If I kept it on 24/7, it was $375/month. In Canada, I have a lot
of patients who have them. The ofuro has a pump, sand filter and heater in
pocket hidden from view. If you go to cedartubs.com, that hot tub that used to
cost $6000 is now $1850. Don’t buy your heater and filter or anything else
from the same company, those are sky-high. You can get a good, small water
heater that will heat that very nicely for about $300. Then you get a Hayward
sand filter for a small pool or outdoor hot tub and that’s $120. Then you get
a small pump about ¼ HP. That’s all it takes – have a plumber come and put
it together. Remember your filter goes before the heater so you don’t plaque
it up with dead cells. If you’re on city water, you’ve got the sand filter
and you can add vinegar and sea salt. The vinegar will keep the sea salt from
corroding the heating element so use together.

Q: Eating organs to rebuild glands

A: Kidney has a lot of ammonia – so does shark or stingray that is old; it
can make you dizzy, nauseous. Depends how your body handles ammonia. The kidney
is responsible for getting excess fluid out of the blood stream. It does this by
manufacturing ammonia which prevents red and white blood cells from entering the
kidney – the ammonia is a repellant to the red and white blood cells.
Otherwise, you would be anemic every time you peed. So when you eat the kidney
you can stop the exchange of the oxygen if the ammonia gets into your blood, act
as an oxygen barrier. Most people can handle it but some can’t and get dizzy,
nauseous and feel like passing out. If the lymphatic system uses the ammonia –
fine. Some might use the ammonia as virus and solvents to dissolve toxicity.
Liver and heart are good. Heart is a Viagra food. The penis is a muscle. The
clitoris is a muscle. The heart and liver are muscles; the heart pumps and the
liver undulates. If you have them together, you create swelling in the muscles.
A lot of blood into the muscles and that’s what an erection is. If I combined
liver and heart, I would never sleep. Combining would help if you’re
chronically fatigued – as long as your body can afford to have energy.

Q: Afford to have energy

A: When you first came to me, every tissue inside your body was thin. If you
had pumped your energy level up, raised your blood pressure, any tissue could
have torn – even in your intestines, you could have had internal bleeding,
could have had an aneurism in your brain, your heart. Now all of your tissues
are stable. I can tell that by the tissue around your eyes especially so you can
exercise now if you like, have the liver and heart and milk and honey extra.

I only trust Whole Foods for grass-fed. The liver is not supposed to be a
filter; that’s just because we’re so toxic. Every part of the body is a
filter, not just the liver. Every place you can store poisons is a filter and
your body stores it everywhere. The liver is one of the last places it wants to
store. It’s one of the last places to get toxicity. The liver is supposed to
do one thing: make bile to digest fats.

Q: Adding milk to high meat

A: It’s OK but will take longer – an hour instead of 10-20 minutes. I eat
it, rinse my mouth with an ounce of milk, and then swallow the milk. My milk
gets foul at the end of the week but I don’t mind it – the fats are
predigested and the proteins will follow quickly.

Q: Sip milk a lot and drink milkshakes

A: Not necessary. Most people do not form good mucus so they need the milkshake
to form mucus when starting the diet. If on the diet a long time, they can just
sip the milk. If you go through a period with a dry nose and throat, you need a
milkshake.

Q: Cheese and Honey

A: Thirty-five minutes after a meat meal. That is your mineral supplement. You
will not digest raw, no-salt cheese unless there is honey with it, or pineapple
or something like that.

===

QA_LA_2011_09_11
