?
title=Q&A Of October 14, 2012

# Q&A Of October 14, 2012

@[Source](https://www.primaldiet.net/aajonus-qa-2012-10-14/)

A: Ok, start behind me. Roger – do you have a question?

G: Yeah – what about green tea? Do you think it’s beneficial?

A: A lot of people put it out as a health food because they’re selling a
product. Green tea is your vegetable juice.

Cooked green tea has lots of toxic minerals in it – any metal that’s in the
vegetable when you cook it you release that as a toxin; it’s no longer bound
to the esters in the plant. So, anytime you cook anything – whether it’s tea
– no matter what it is – it becomes toxic.

G: Now there is some tea that comes from Korea as a green (Inaudible). You put
it in cold water. Would that be any different?

A: No, they’ve had to steam it and cook it to get (Inaudible) out of the
warmth.

G: Ok.

A: And it takes great heat to do that – the processing.

G: If you leave the tea bag in the water and leave it in the sun, you’re
going to get metals.

A: Yeah, it’s a vegetable format – it’s vegetable juice. You’re not
going to get much from it because there’s no enzyme activity in it; there’s
no active enzymes in it.

G: Is it better than a glass of water?

A: Well, it’s probably a little bit better than just water – but pretty
close to just water.

G: What if you put it in a blender – like one time I put some mint leaves,
blended it and then strained out –

A: Fresh mint leaves?

G: Fresh mint leaves.

A: That’s fine.

G: Yeah?

A: That’s fine.

G: Is it too much water though?

A: It’s still too much water.

G: Yeah – ok.

A: Better to have juice – add mint to your juice. It would be a lot better.

A: Ok. Do you have a question?

G: I do: I was wondering what do you do if you’re travelling. I’m going to
–

A: I travel all the time.

G: But how do you do – do you take things?

A: Yeah – I have a letter from an MD that says I was diagnosed with diabetes
and cancer and I have to eat every hour and I have to take so much food. When I
go to Asia the letter says I have to take 20 to 30 pounds with me and you
can’t x-ray it – you have to check each one by hand. So, I go two hours
early to give them time to do all that process. But I write letters for my
patients and I charge 80 to 100, depending upon the situation and then that
lasts about four months. You can use the letter for four months. And some people
can use it for a couple years or if you get a TSA agent who’s a tough guy –
he’s not going to let you use it for more than four months.

So, it says: I need two quarts of milk, I need my raw meat, sauce, vegetable
juice. So, I go on with a whole bag of foods and have it hand-checked. Because
it says: Cannot be scanned – it has to be hand-checked.

G: Is that base carry on?

A: Yeah.

G: And they do it?

A: Don’t put anything in check-in – they put everything through a huge
radiation scanner which is 100 times an x-ray.

G: Do you have any liquids with you?

A: Yeah – I said I take two quarts of milk and a vegetable juice. When I’m
going to Asia I’ll take three quarts of milk, plus a juice – a quart. So, I
take a gallon (Inaudible).

G: Do you ever bring your juice on the plane? How long is your flight?

A: Well, let’s say I take off here – I’ve been to Taipei – I’m two
hours there – lay-over – and by the time I get to Bangkok it’s about 24
hours.

G: The whole time your juice is there.

A: I don’t mind fermented juice.

G: You don’t mind the fermented juice?

A: No, fermented juice is a good detox. When I went away I left a quart of
juice in the refrigerator. I came back two a half months later – I drank the
whole thing.

G: Oh, my lord.

A: It’s delicious. Fermented juice is delicious.

G: Did it taste like beer?

A: No, it tastes very tangy though.

G: What containers do you put them in to?

A: Glass – all my food’s in glass. Except this last time I got (Inaudible).

G: Ever have a problem when they check it with a scanner once it goes through?

A: They check it with the metal detector – they don’t put it through the
scanner.

G: Because when I do it they wipe it with a white circle, put it under a
machine to check for –

A: To check for nitrogen – yeah.

G: They said they can’t see it (inaudible). They threw away all my butter –
Sacramento Airport.

G: And we had a letter from you too.

A: Well, you may need to wipe before you take it.

G: Yeah.

A: Must have got some manure in it. Because the manure has nitrogen that’s
what it’s like in the city if it’s near a farm directly. I was always wipe
my honey. Honey has strong nitrogen in it, so it sets off – like it’s
nitrous oxide.

G: Do you take a glass of honey?

A: Just a wet cloth – a damp cloth – the outside.

G: Do you take a glass of honey?

A: Yeah – I take a jar of honey. I take butter on and everything.

G: And eggs?

A: Yeah, I even take eggs – not all the time I take eggs – I’ve had too
many accidents with eggs, but most of the time I do take them.

G: Can you put them in a jar?

A: Pardon?

G: Can you put them raw into a jar?

A: I don’t really want to do that. You could.

G: Is it going to oxidize, or?

A: Yeah – I don’t like them oxidizing, but sometimes I’ll make a
milkshake – eat my eggs that way. So, two quarts of milk, a quart of
milkshake, a quart of juice, or a pint of juice.

G: Uh-huh.

A: So, that’s how I do it.

G: What would be your recommendations be for treating skin disorders: eczema /
psoriasis?

A: Well, like I said in the book – the moisturizing and lubrication formula
– have at least two a day. If you have say psoriasis which is pretty severe
– have two of those a day and take three ounces at a time – a good three
ounces about every two to three hours. Keep doing that and take it down to size
and then take it down to just one. It would take about eight months to get rid
of psoriasis. If it’s eczema, could be longer. It’s pretty rare. Especially
when it’s easily digestible with the honey and the lemon juice.

Do you have a question?

G: Yes, regarding the raw cheese regimen that you recommended for me and
others: nuts and bolts – how much leeway? For instance – do you always eat
the cheese before a drink or a meal? Do you always eat it a half hour regardless
of when you eat that sugar-cube that you’ve mentioned?

A: No, I recommend that people eat small amounts of cheese to absorb the
poisons that are constantly dumping into the stomach and intestines. That’s
not the normal route; that’s not the healthy route for toxins to leave the
body – 90% of toxins are supposed to leave through the skin. Because the lymph
systems are so blocked – the connective tissue is so jammed with trans-fatty
acids which are plastic fats that you’ve all been raised on – donuts, chips,
French fries – anything that’s been fried and heavy with carbohydrates then
fried in a trans-fatty oil. Trans-fatty oil means the oils that’s been
hydrogenated and hydrogenation is a process of making into plastic. So,
trans-fatty acids are plastic fats – plastic oils. 99% of all oils used to fry
foods – no matter what they are – are trans-fatty acids because they have an
indefinite shelf life – 100 years – they’re dead. That’s why they are
plastic – they are not alive anymore. They will not help you – they will jam
your lymphatic system – jam everything in your body, so –

G: Aajonus, I have relatives who are going to fry because they don’t believe
this. What is the best thing to tell them if they’re going to fry some of
these – to fry it in lard?

A: Well, no, you should fry it in stone-pressed olive oil or coconut cream or
coconut oil.

G: Coconut oil?

A: Yeah.

G: Or olive oil.

A: Olive oil.

G: Right – coconut.

G: Back to my question: Yes –

A: Everybody has (Inaudible).

G: Right.

A: So, eating this cheese will absorb those poisons as the body dumps them into
the stomach rather than out the skin and it does that. The lymph system takes
its waste and dumps it under the skin to be perspired out of the skin. If it’s
jammed it won’t do it, so it dumps it into the mucous membranes and if you get
a cold or a flu or you’re spitting up mucous regularly – that’s
elimination through your mucous membranes. The mucous membranes of the
intestinal tract also – that’s where most of them get dumped. Whenever you
get nauseous that’s an indication that something’s toxic you’ve just
eaten, or somewhere else stored in your body is going to the stomach and dumping
into the stomach.

Now hydrochloric acid neutralizes about 80% of all toxins, so nausea creates a
lot of hydrochloric acid. The stomach produces massive amounts of hydrochloric
acid from nausea. That is our reaction. It forces the stomach to produce
tremendous amounts of hydrochloric acid – more like five to eight times more
than what’s normal to produce the protein from meat - so it’s very
concentrated. If you vomit, that means your body’s decided to use that
hydrochloric acid to utilize it to expend, and then you get rid of it
immediately – vomiting is the quickest way to get rid of the most poisons.
Next is diarrhea, but then you upset the whole ecological bacterial environment
of the intestines.

So, the cheese will absorb it, depending upon the toxicity of the person. I
recommend people eat a little sugar-cubed size amount of cheese with just half a
tsp. every 15 to 60 minutes, depending upon the individual.

G: Can you eat clay?

A: Clay won’t do it – if you have clay you’re going to get constipated
and also not digest everything. Clay is helpful in that situation, but you
can’t eat it pretty well.

G: How often?

A: Once a day – twice a day at most for clay.

G: Could you add butter with the cheese?

A: Butter to the cheese is ok. You should do it since you’re so thin. So,
that will absorb the toxins.

Now, your question?

G: Yes, as far as leeway in taking it every 15/45 minutes: Do you always take
it 10 minutes before a meal, or could you just stick to the interval throughout
the day regardless of the meal?

A: If you’re going to have a meal – let’s say it was at a certain time
and your cheese is supposed to fall in the midst of it – always eat cheese 10
minutes before that meal or drink your milkshake, whatever it is. So, you’ll
absorb the poisons into the cheese and they won’t get into your food because
if it gets into your food you’re just going to recycle your poisons – and
that’s what 99% of people do: Recycle their poisons.

G: What do you when you’re sipping milk every 10/15 minutes? Let’s say you
take a little sip and –

A: Still stick to your cheese every 15, 20, 30, 45, 60 minutes – still do
that.

G: Do you mean do the cheese and wait 10 minutes for the milk?

A: Yeah – uh-huh.

G: Ok.

A: Yeah. And let’s say I’ve got construction workers who are heavily toxic
and laboratory personal who deal with a lot of formaldehyde and mercury – I
have them eat a cube every 15 minutes. So, they’ll take that and wait seven
minutes, drink some sport formula or milk, or milkshake and then seven minutes
have that piece of cheese again – and they do that all day long. When it comes
to a meal of course they don’t eat that cheese during that half of the meal,
but they eat it 10 minutes before the meal and then about 25 minutes after the
meal they have cheese again, then 10 minutes after that is when you have honey
and cheese together. When you have cheese without honey without fruit you do not
digest the cheese; there are no enzymes in dehydrated food, no matter what it
is. So, you have to have honey or some kind of fruit – like an acidic fruit
– like pineapple or papaya – to provide the enzymes to digest that cheese.
So, twice a day I recommend that 25 minutes after your meal you have a little
piece of cheese, 10 minutes after that you have your cheese with honey and
that’s your mineral supplement. Ok?

I’ve seen women with 32% bone loss and osteoporosis reverse that in nine
months by doing that. Nine months.

G: Wow.

A: It used to take two – two and a half – three years before I started
experimenting with that. Now nine months.

G: Any kind of raw cheese or even a cottage cheese?

A: Does not matter.

G: Cottage cheese ok?

A: Cottage is fine – as long as it’s not too wet.

G: Not too wet.

A: Yeah.

G: Does it have to be unsalted?

A: Has to be unsalted. Salt is an explosive – it starts fractionating your
food, so if you have raw salted cheese you’re going to reabsorb your poisons.
If you have pasteurized cheese you’re going to reabsorb your poisons. If you
have salted pasteurized cheese you’re going to really not synthesize, as well
as reabsorbing your poisons – toxins.

Do you have a question?

G: Not yet.

A: Ok. Come back.

G: What’s the best way to help re-mineralize your teeth?

A: Just the way I said it: Eat cheese often, so your body’s not using your
key minerals to bind with the poisons. When you’re eating the cheese and honey
together, you’re filling your body with tremendous amounts of … If you’ve
got a real serious problem at any particular time, you do that three times a
day: twice after a meat meal because you’re only having one meat meal a day
– that means you have to take it two other times – and the middle of the
night is the one time in the middle of the night that is best. And that’ll
help if you stick with it.

G: And is it true that you detox your head through your mouth through your
teeth?

A: Yes – your brain detoxes through the sinuses, but mainly the gums, the
tongue and the salivary glands. If you’ve got a white tongue that indicates
the poisons are mainly leaving the tongue – your body uses the calcium,
phosphorous, magnesium and potassium to bind with those poisons, or else your
tongue would turn into a very acidic, sore, bleeding appendage. So, that white
tongue – although the Chinese say that’s a bad thing – it’s a good
thing. Your body is still using those minerals to attach to the toxins coming
through the mouth. Scrape it off, that’s fine – take some oil or something
and just swish it around in your mouth to clean it off the tongue – it’s all
good. And you can swallow it after it passes the main (Inaudible).

G: As far as re-mineralizing teeth is the cheese a substitute for the fermented
milk and egg shell formula that you recommended to me last year?

A: Yeah, it works a little better.

G: The cheese is better?

A: Yeah.

G: Good, I like it better.

A: I do to.

G: Do you eat the cheese and honey 10 minutes before a cheese?

A: You eat the cheese – it’s always the cheese 10 minutes before you have
the cheese and honey.

G: Yeah, but even in the middle of the night do you do it?

A: Yeah, still I have a piece of cheese first but you don’t have to wait a
full 10 minutes – 5 minutes is fine during the middle of the night. And when
you have that cheese with honey it should be about a three to one ratio –
maximum. So, let’s say you’re having a tbsp. of cheese, you have a tsp. of
honey only; you have three tbsp. of cheese, you can have two a half to three
tsp. of honey.

Ok, Kathy’s waving.

G: What do I do – there’s people that say to me my hearing is going out and
I am confused because I’ve been on the diet since eighteen years in December,
believe it or not, when I came to you and started – and I don’t know what to
do.

A: Well, you’re still going to degenerate because you spent 45 years on a
toxic diet, so every cell is inundated with toxins. It takes 40 years –
according to Pottenger and Howell’s work – to remove all the toxins from the
body when you’re on a 100% raw diet. If you’re not on a 100% raw diet,
it’s going to take longer – so there’s going to be deterioration somewhere
until it’s gone.

G: Well, it takes the hot baths – are going to pull out some of it.

A: Hot baths help discharge a lot of the poisons throughout the skin – yes.

G: Do them at the ears too.

A: Do them to the ears – but you usually don’t put your head under the
water so you put a hot water bottle at one ear one night and the next ear at the
other night.

A: Yeah – and that’s the best way. Whenever you have a problem area the way
to speed increase circulation and nutrients to that area is applying heat. If
you apply ice or cold, what happens? It shrinks and constricts – reduces –
shrinks the amount of flow of nutrients to that area. Take your athletes for
example: They get injured they pack ice on it – what happens? Bruising
normally means that you’re swelling and the swelling is increasing those
nutrients to the area. You cut that off and what happens? These athletes are
constantly getting surgeries because they’re starting over – because
they’re not cleaning out the dead cells; they’re just forcing themselves to
create scar tissue – it means putting bricks in the wall – dead cells to
heal an area.

G: Because you heal can you do hot, cold, cold, hot, going to cold, hot, cold?

A: You can do cold for two minutes, but you don’t want to jump in ice –
unless you’re a polar bear.

Ok – do you have a question?

G: What are your thoughts about Alzheimer’s and Dementia?

A: Well, Alzheimers – a lot of it comes from mercury. Also, it’s been
related to aluminum poisoning – both of those. I’m not sure that aluminum on
its own will cause that because, according to Calgary University’s research,
the lesions of it created in neurons were only created with mercury and not when
they applied aluminum, and barium and other minerals. So, I think that it is
connected with aluminum because a lot of people are discharging aluminum –
I’ve had a lot of high aluminum levels from vaccines – and that includes
mercury and aluminum. So, I think they’re associating aluminum to dementia too
often.

G: (Inaudible).

A: Yeah, but I haven’t seen it confirmed by anybody – Calgary is the only
one that I knew who has done definitive research on that. If you look at the
lesions, the fractionation of the neurons only occurred in the company of
mercury and not in the minerals. So, aluminum does not create a neurological
condition of degeneration. Now, it can interfere with synapse transmission, but
it doesn’t cause neuronal decay – like mercury does. So, it’s mostly from
mercury poisoning and you have had a lot of that – and it takes a lot to get
that out.

Now since I was subdued in that hotel room and injected with those three shots
my mercury levels – my aluminum levels are off the charts. Same with vaccines
– I’ve had two vaccines. So, that’s obvious to me what they have injected
me with. Now, my hair’s gone very grey and I’ve lost six teeth now since I
was injected. And I have berries with eggs and vinegar and pineapple almost
every day to get rid of those poisons faster and lots of cheese to help remove
that. And after those injections my skin was bursting open and bruising and
bleeding. It happened over when I headed back – and it looks like I was hit
with a grenade – the shrapnel from a bomb.

G: Eggs, berries and what else?

A: Pineapple, vinegar and berries – all of those chelate with those metal
toxins.

G: Does it get out the vaccines?

A: And heavy metals.

G: Everybody does it different amounts.

A: Well it depends: If you have a higher level aluminum you have more
raspberries and strawberries; if you have more mercury, lead and other dark
metals, then the dark berries are preferable. Now, blueberries are very good and
they take it out smoothly. If you have blackberries you’re going to have a
heavier detox – even have some dementia as you detox some of that mercury and
blackberries.

G: Those bigger berries, you’re talking about?

A: Blackberries.

G: What about raspberries?

A: Like I said – raspberries are good for getting aluminum and iron.

G: So, what’s the proportion of the vinegar and things like that?

A: Well, it depends upon what you can take. It depends – when I’m making it
I’ll make three cups to four cups a day and I’ll drink it throughout the day
instead of the milkshakes. I still have my other foods but I don’t drink that
within let’s say 45 minutes of a meat meal. And that is my fruit meal; I just
spread the fruit meal throughout the day instead of having it one time of the
day. And I will have about four to five eggs in it, depending upon the size of
the eggs – medium eggs will be four; small ones I’ll have five eggs; I’ll
have about a half a cup of cream; I’ll have about one and a quarter cup of
berries; I use a mixture – I use raspberries, blueberries and blackberries. I
want to make sure I’m getting a whole lot. And then I’ll use about one to
two tbsp. of vinegar. And do the two tbsp. every day for let’s say no more
than 10 days. You’re going to have to cut it down to one tbsp. a day for maybe
five days and then you go back to two tbsp. for 10 days – and just rotate it
like that. If you just have a lot of vinegar you’re going to stop digesting
some of those foods – stop absorbing them.

G: It depends on the person – one tbsp. probably if you’re smaller set?

A: Yeah. Unless you’re very heavy set – you can add two.

And then I’ll have about a tbsp. of honey and then sometimes two tbsp. if
I’m having four cups. And I’ll either have half a cup of milk or half a cup
of whey.

G: (Inaudible).

A: I’ll sip it throughout the day – I’ll have like two ounces at a time
maybe every 20 minutes – and that’s in between eating my cheese – I have
my cheese every 20 minutes.

Ok – do you have a question, Ann?

G: (Inaudible).

A: You have to eat pineapple on a regular basis. I use a thin slice, it equals
about a third of a cup – three ounces by volume of pineapple in that mixture.
Pineapple and coconut cream is very helpful to help break it down, but the body
will never do it properly without hot baths. If you’re going to break down the
lymphatic waste under the skin it takes about 45 minutes at 105 degrees staying
temperature, so a hot tub is very necessary.

G: What was the question – I couldn’t hear?

A: She asked about relieving lymphatic congestion.

G: Oh, ok.

A: If you want to get rid of lymphatic congestion that means you want to get
the lymphatic system clear of the congestion – that takes a 90 minute bath a
day at about 105 degrees. And it’s hard to do that – people have difficulty
staying in a hot tub that long – so I say watch a movie and have a bowl of ice
water running next to you with ice cubes floating in it and a wash cloth – sit
that on top of your head – stick your hand – you know, fist in there up to
your wrists – two minutes – you’ll want to stay in the tub. It
automatically cancels out wanting to get out of the tub. So – and that’s the
way it stays. Some people if they’re very overweight they get heat prostration
quickly – they may have to do that every 10-15 minutes, so normally a person
does that once every 20 minutes.

G: Does massage help at all?

A: Massage won’t really do anything for that – it’ll cause a breakage in
the lymphatic and make it worse. True lymphatic massage to me is a tickle, so it
electrically moves things – so you’re tickling them. You know how sometimes
you get tickled? That’s driving the electricity in the system – in a blocked
system. When you’re ticklish or you’re very sensitive to touch like that,
that means your lymphatic system is blocked – and the neurological system. And
a lot of that energy is charged up under your skin. So, taking the hot baths,
getting tickle massages helps to relieve that again.

G: You know in your book you say 102-106. Now you’re saying 105 – so, has
that changed?

A: Yeah – I’m changing it, yeah. I just wanted it to be safe. Originally it
was 110 – that’s a typo.

G: Yeah.

A: It was supposed to be 101 to start off slow. You know, with the 110, so –

G: That’s really tough, man – being in there and sat for about 10 minutes
and you get your knees in, so –

A: Like I say: Take that bowl of cold water with you and you stick your fists
all the way up to your wrists in there and put a cold cloth on top of your head
– you’ll want to stay in there. It won’t be tough.

G: Ice pack is not as good – just an ice pack?

A: Ice pack is a little too cold.

G: Yeah, because I put an ice pack and it really just does my head in – I
just felt awful.

A: No, you don’t do that – you got to put a towel up there – at least
double the towel on top if you’re going to use an ice pack.

G: Now Aajonus, you say it’s a 105, but does that mean you’re sitting in
the tub? Because I’ve taken my temperature – if I’m sitting up I can have
it 105 and half of me is up and I can take it, but at 102 I have to be in the
tub to get just my nose just sticking out and my mouth, right. So, when you say
105 do you mean you’re –

A: Your whole body should be under.

G: So, your body temperature’s got to be near a 105 then?

A: No, it won’t be 105 because the body will always cools itself by three
degrees minimum.

G: I’ve had my body temperature almost – when I had the tub at 102 –
I’ve had my body temperature a half a degree below that – 101 and a half.

A: Yeah, but once you go above 102 it won’t elevate – even if you’re 105
degrees – the body’s not going to get hotter than 102 except under the skin.
If you take your temperature under the arm you’re going to be almost as hot as
the water, but if you stick it in your rectum or in your mouth, you’re going
to be about 102 in a 105 degrees.

G: So, what’s the minimum body temperature you want it to be then?

A: I don’t worry about body temperature – I worry about the 105 degrees
I’ve found consistently because the body needs that to do –

G: Of the water, right?

A: The water has to be 105 degrees.

G: I have a sauna.

A: Sauna’s a dry heat and – minimum is a 137 in one of those infrareds –
still too hot. You start to destroy the enzymes and mucous membranes managing
the cells at 110-112 degrees, so you’re damaging the mucous membranes by being
in a sauna or a steam bath. You cannot go over 110 degrees because it will
destroy the enzymes and vitamins in your skin.

G: How long do you leave the ice cubes?

A: Two minutes.

G: No, I’m talking about out of the freezer. You take the ice packs at the
tub –

A: Yeah, you take cold water, you put ice cubes in it and you leave it out –
you leave it at the tub with you. As long as there’s ice cubes that water
going to stay cold. If the ice cubes melt then it’s not going to stay cold.

G: I’ve been having trouble finding a thermometer for the water – I don’t
know where to go.

A: A bowl thermometer’s good.

G: What?

G: (Inaudible).

G: Who’s?

G: What’s it called?

G: I use a drug store thermometer.

A: Swimming pool.

Ok do you have a question, Gill?

G: I’m hearing a lot of talk about arsenic: How do you get rid of it; how do
you keep it from (Inaudible)?

A: It’s difficult because they’re putting in arsenic in all grains because
it makes the animals fat – they swell up; they gain more weight. Arsenic is
very toxic – the body’s gaining fat to protect itself from the arsenic
poisons. They also use it as a pesticide to keep moths and rodents out of the
grain fills. So, they are fed commercial grains and they have arsenic in it. So,
I stopped eating – even Amos today (Inaudible) and he does feed them a
processed fish meal which has arsenic in it.

G: What are we going to do about our (Inaudible) this winter that are coming?

A: I said in winter time I don’t eat eggs or chicken.

G: Well then what do you eat?

A: I just eat only meat now. I stopped eating fish because of Fukushima and the
radiation.

G: You heard about the Santa Monica sea food?

A: Santa Monica sea food?

G: You said last time that you eat the Santa Monica sea food.

A: That was before Fukushima.

G: But that was the last problem.

A: No, I said if you eat deep sea fish – certain ones are probably ok, but I
don’t even trust it now because the radiation levels getting higher every
week.

G: What about Atlantic fish?

A: Atlantic – you’ve got the (Inaudible) travelling up from the Gulf,
constantly seeping.

G: Oysters are the only safe things to eat?

A: No, not even those. I will not eat any sea food unless I’m in the
Philippines, or (Inaudible) or somewhere around there because the Fukushima
comes east to America. It’s hasn’t got down to the Philippines yet.

G: What about the oysters – they’ve got a hard shell – they’re not
going to go into that.

A: They absorb it in the shell. Well, the oysters will absorb it into the
shells; clams and mussels will absorb it into the meat and shell.

G: Well then it’s ok for me to get the blue clam oysters, isn’t it?

A: I said I don’t know – that’s the way it used to be, but I haven’t
tested any oysters since I’ve returned. You can break open the meat and test
it with a Geiger counter and see if there are radioactive isotypes in the oyster
meat.

G: For the chickens – is that across the board in the whole of the United
States?

A: When my Amish Farmers are feeding the chickens commercial feed – that’s
the limit.

G: So, then we have very little to eat – just beef in the morning and –

A: That’s right – yep. Dairy and fruit.

G: Giving the scraps for your own chickens.

A: Wonderful. Giving it your chickens is wonderful – you’re not feeding
them arsenic. But anytime you buy a feed from anywhere unless it’s an organic
farmer that doesn’t store his feed – there’s going to be arsenic in it.

G: (Inaudible).

A: Yeah – well, I just grew my grains. I got 210 ninety pound bags of rice
for my Thailand property. Now I’ll feed that to my worker. He does not leave
my property. What they do is they build a shit house – literally. They take
cow shit and mud and then make the walls that way – it keeps out the rats and
everybody else. So, it’s really a shit house. So, they’ve got grass on there
and they coat it to plaster and they plaster it with cow shit and mud.

G: When is the winter starting for Amos’ farm?

A: He starts feeding them somewhere around mid-late December. Then I don’t
eat anything until May – no eggs or chickens – unless they promise me
there’s not any. They cut their own food they have to use arsenic in it –
they’re not buying from any store. So, they buy it from a local farmer who has
to put it on the market and he’s organic grain foods. And from what I
understand they’re all using commercial feed grains now.

G: That’s just four months.

A: Yeah, that’s four months at best.

G: Yeah.

G: To May?

A: June through December. And you know, you have to get on Amos’ and Eli’s
case and say: “Hey, grow your own stuff instead of getting it someplace
else.”

G: Or we stop buying it – that’s all?

A: Yeah, and they lose a lot of money.

G: You can’t make that drink – that berry drink that you gave for vaccines?

A: That’ll help, but you’ve got other toxins to deal with. Arsenic is not
easy – arsenic is a very dangerous poison; it causes heart attacks; it causes
liver failure – it causes all kinds of problems. Arsenic is a very dangerous
substance.

G: So, if you get organic grain is it going to have arsenic in it too?

A: Could be if you buy commercial – you have to test it. Mine doesn’t of
course, but I don’t sell mine – it feeds my workers and my cows. And of
course –

G: If you go to someone who grows their grains and say: “Look, I want your
feed –

A: Absolutely, yeah. And if I were going to eat rice – which I don’t – I
would store it in big jars of glass. Moths can’t breathe in there –
there’s no oxygen for them and so you tack it and keep it.

No rats. Well, let me put it this way: When I was in the desert I had a jar of
nuts and seeds – the wild rats would actually unscrew the jars – actually
unscrew the jar. So, I had to put lock caps on them – literally.

They do consider the rat the smartest animal next to the human. I think
they’re smarter than human – rats don’t go around poisoning each other for
profit.

Do you have a question?

G: Yeah, I’ve pulled a muscle in the shoulder? Anything other than hot water
bottles; lubrication formula?

A: Yeah, when you pull a muscle that means you’ve torn – you have lesions
in it – you’ve torn the muscle. Then, you do like boxers and put raw meat on
it and a hot water bottle. Also –

G: Hot water bottle and meat at the same time?

A: Yes. With meat on, then the hot water bottle – but, it’s better if you
put just a little bit of honey and butter mixture on the meat – just a thin
layer and then butter on the one side, a thin cloth over that – cotton or silk
– and then a piece of plastic over that, and then an ace bandage over that, so
it doesn’t dry out. That way you can keep using the same piece of meat for two
to three days until it stinks. I will use it beyond stinks – I don’t give a
shit because it will heal much faster if it’s decaying meat. So, I will just
use it until I can’t stand it and I can’t sleep then I don’t use it. Then
I’ll change the meat.

And if you do that usually a torn muscle will heal in about 12 days. It will
still take about six weeks - normally it takes about a year and a half.

G: Anything internally?

A: Pineapple’s helpful, to get rid of the foreign tissue. Not a lot of
pineapple, but if you have a little bit all day long. Like in the mixture I said
with the berries, only if you have pineapple. And just sip it throughout the day
and you’ll heal a little bit faster because the bromelain in the pineapple
will help break down the dead cells that will bruise and damage the calf.

Ok? Do you have a question?

G: When I was very young I had a case of pneumonia and to save my life they
chocked me full of antibiotics. So, forever after I’ve had serious killer
migraines. Even since that pneumonia antibiotic incident.

A: Well, nobody has deadly pneumonia – you’re just very sick. But the
pharmaceutical industry – the medical industry - are terrorists, so they’ll
get you to take anything that they believe. And they’re taught to be that
stupid – they don’t observe – they’re just taught to panic and react;
they’re not taught to experiment and observe. They’re not allowed to
experiment – that’s against the law. The laws of the AMA who follow the
pharmaceutical industry’s advice – they write all the procedure manuals. If
you don’t follow the pharmaceutical industry’s advice, you are breaking the
AMA law. So, they get punished.

So, they follow what they’re told and they’re told to be terrorists. So,
what happens when you take an antibiotic for five days? You lose one percent of
all bodily functions. The body is 99.99% bacteria. Antibiotics destroy all
bacteria – in a five day cycle you lose one percent of the body’s abilities.
Every five days you take off a whole percent. To recover on a good diet it takes
about two years to recover one percent – two years. If you do this optimal
diet of mine and eat high meat you can get over it quicker. The bowel is the
area that feeds the brain and the nervous system. So, the bacteria in your colon
has never recovered and the only way you can get it to recover is to implant a
high meat juice in to your rectum and then massage it in and let it distribute
it in there. Or, eat lots of high meat – like probably (Inaudible) times a day
for three months and then the problem will all be restored within another five
months and you have to do it for three months again. If you implant it in your
rectum and you massage and you do your belly roll to make it go into your system
up into the whole colon, that one implant of about three ounces of that high
meat juice can keep you going for three months – just one time.

G: Can you swallow high meat instead of chew it?

A: Yeah – yeah. High meat’s pre-digested – you don’t have to chew it.

G: What kind of jars are you asking us to put it in?

A: Glass.

G: No – I know glass, but what size of jars?

A: Depending on how much you want to make and how much you intend to use.

G: Now, don’t fill it to the top?

A: No, only half full always.

G: Half full?

A: Yeah. You need an air space in there – you need both aerobic and anaerobic
bacteria.

G: I just read that we have bacterial DNA in our DNA which our nearest relative
animal don’t have; that we have something unique.

A: Well, a lot of us don’t have it anymore because of vaccines.

G: Don’t have what?

A: This particular DNA that other animals don’t have.

G: Oh.

A: Pig has almost identical to what we have.

G: So, what does the antibiotics have to do with the migraines and (Inaudible)?

A: The brain and the nervous system are fed from the colon. Her colon bacteria
was wiped out. The brain is not getting the food it needs, so it swells. The
brain is constantly swollen because it’s trying to get all the nutrients and
they can never get all the amino acids because she’s not digesting properly
– that causes constant brain swelling.

G: Oh, ok.

A: I’m sorry I didn’t explain that – I’m glad you asked. You didn’t
understand that until I said that too, right? Probably nobody did.

G: I did.

A: Sometimes I say things – come to conclusions.

G: Is there any other way to treat the brain swelling? Any additional way?

A: Only way you can do is feed the nervous system properly and that’s by
eating high meat if you don’t digest properly in the colon. See, all that food
is digested – it feeds every part of the body in to the small intestines. Once
it gets in to the colon you’re getting to the finite particle breakdown – it
feeds the brain and nervous system – the neuron cells and the neurological
cells. So, that is a whole process in itself – that’s a very short trap.
That very long small intestines feeds everything else in the body – that colon
is strictly for the nervous system and brain. If it is not operating you can
have migraines, you can have autism and it can have all kinds of problems. And
it maybe unrelated to mercury at all – the brain is just a vision –
depending on what kind of antibiotics you got. Tetracycline was a bad one – I
mean it caused so much ADD – it was amazing.

G: (Inaudible).

A: Yeah, the brain. Yeah, I was of the view that I did lots of tetracycline or
cocaine.

G: Yeah, I actually just told my Mom that I it was from lots of tetracycline
when I was inside her.

A: Oh, no.

G: What is that – an antibiotic?

A: Yes, an antibiotic – that was 60’s – came out in the 60’s. Late
August 60’s, to 70’s, early 80’s.

G: That was in the 50’s wasn’t it?

A: That was just beginning to use it intravenously.

G: They did it in the military though.

A: Oh, yeah. They were doing that first.

G: How do you make high meat juice?

A: You let it go long enough – you leave it out. When it starts juicing at
the bottom – turns into black juice – that’s completely digested –
completely – absolutely digestible liquid. One tsp. of that can make you as
happy as a (Inaudible).

G: Can you put it garlic in there? Like garlic or something to make it taste
better?

A: Well, you can put it in milk. It’s better if you just drink and wash it
down with milk.

G: Like a tsp. in an ounce of milk?

A: Yeah, you can do that. Or, just take a tsp. and wash it down with milk.

A: If you leave it in your mouth some of that’s going to go right to the
(Inaudible) during the meat meal and you get happy. If you leave it in your
mouth for two minutes you’re going to get silly.

G: Aajonus, do you have any of that juice available that (Inaudible).

A: I would be in jail.

G: How long does it take to get to drink – how many days?

A: Well, if you leave it out at room temperature and you’re exposing it to
some light – not direct light – and you’re opening it and the meat’s not
dry it will start breaking down pretty quickly, but it takes a while – maybe
six weeks.

G: For what – the juice?

A: Yeah, it starts shrivelling juice.

G: Just open it up and close it in the house?

A: No, you want to take it outside.

A: But you don’t want to open it as often even though it’s outside of the
refrigerator. I still will open every three of four days. You want anaerobic
bacteria rather than aerobic bacteria.

Part 2 of Transcript for Audio Recording of Aajonus’ Question & Answer
Session to Attendees of a Primal Potluck

Date: November 18, 2012

Transcriber: Colin

Location: Carlsbad, California

A = Aajonus

G = Group

A: Joseph.

G: Uh-huh?

A: Do you have a question?

G: No.

A: Okay.Do you have a question?

You.

G: Yeah. I just want to know your opinion on alcohol.

A: Okay, there are many types of alcohol: there’s ethyl alcohol that you
massage with – very dangerous alcohol; it’s made from petroleum – gasoline
– and it will eat into your skin. A massage therapist put that on her hands
and was coming at me and I said: “No you don’t – that is a poison. Would
you drink it?” “No, you don’t drink this.” I said: “Your cells are
drinking it and I don’t want that on my skin.” So, I had to get her to get
some coconut oil to take it off of her hands before she came in and massage me.
So, ethyl alcohol is a dangerous alcohol; it’s a distilled alcohol that comes
from gasoline.

When you have an alcohol, let’s say, like a hard liquor: it’s distilled.
It’s like gasoline or kerosene – it will penetrate a cell. The cell has no
choice – it’s going to penetrate it. Just like if you put gasoline or
kerosene on your arm – it would eat right into your arm the same way. Any kind
of distilled alcohol is penetrating and the cell has no choice – it’s going
to damage cells.

Wine is the only one that they do not – mostly – they do not pasteurize.
Let’s say if the crop of grapes got a fungus on it then they would pasteurize
that wine. It would be an inferior wine; a cheap wine – you wouldn’t even
like the taste of it probably. Only cheap winos drink that. But a wine that is
not distilled and that’s raw – it’s still going to do some damage to your
nervous system, your nerve cells, your neurons and your brain and your liver.

Because your liver, believe it or not, doesn’t have much fat. The liver and
the heart are almost all protein. You have little fat deposits around the liver,
but not very much. Around the heart you have a pocket of fat on the top of it as
a reserve to protect it from anything, like alcohol. Your brain, of course,
shuts down when you have alcohol – even raw alcohol. It shuts off your
discerning centers because it doesn’t want to damage those. You’ll lose your
controls. So, that’s why people get uninhibited because it shuts off those
control centers. And uninhibited is fine if you’re anal retentive, but of
course we’re all anal retentive because we’re trained to be that way. But,
we’re also overly cautious in the wrong way. So, like I said in my book: two
oz., four oz., as long as you’ve eaten a lot of butter and cheese like the
French used to do. The French would always have appetizers with the little cakes
or crackers or something like that, and then put butter on that or a
cheese/butter sauce on top of that. And then they would have their wine during
the meal. So, they had all of this cheese and fat there to bind with that
alcohol so it didn’t do nerve damage and didn’t damage the pancreas, the
liver, and the heart and brain.

So, alcohol is not a good thing. You can eat some without having too much
damage if you’re eating the butter and cheese before you drink it, but you
have to be very careful.

G: How long before you drink it?

A: Should be at least 15 minutes, 20 minutes.

G: 15 minutes before you eat and drink?

A: No, before you drink alcohol – if you’re going to drink wine.

Now, we used to have a raw beer. Most beers in the world are raw except in this
country – they all have to be pasteurized, as of 1987. Coors was the only one
– out of Colorado at the time – was the only one that was raw. And then the
FDA said in 1987 you’ve got to stop – you’ve got to pasteurize your beer.
Coors went downhill after that and then Millers bought Coors.

There’s no more raw beers allowed in this country.

G: Why is that?

A: Because the FDA say it’s – it’s not –

G: Oh, because it would be fermented?

A: In fact there would be fermentation and bacteria in it – live and active.
Which is a good thing, but they don’t want you to have a good thing.

G: Like the high class European beers? They’re not going to be heated?

A: They have to be to be heated to be brought into this country.

G: No, the ones in Europe.

A: Oh, yeah – there’s a lot of them. You have to check now because the
World Health Organization is really an arm of the American Medical Association
and the Pharmaceutical Industry. So, they’re talking countries into beginning
to pasteurize this, that and everything. So, you have to be careful – you have
to find out. Most of your German beers – they say: “Screw you – we’re
not going to pasteurize our beers.”

G: What about Heineken?

A: Heineken? It’s pasteurized.

G: In this country?

A: In this country, yeah – to be brought into the country. If you get
Heineken in Germany it’s raw.

Not really raw, but it’s –

G: It’s from Amsterdam in Holland.

A: Yeah, Holland. Well, Holland I don’t know how Holland is; I haven’t
studied Holland for that.

Holland was the only one that wouldn’t let me take my milk on board. I’ve
got a Doctor’s letter for my bone cancer that says I have to take a ½ gallon
milk on with me and all these other foods. And in Holland they said: “Take out
all this other food on there, but you can’t take the milk.” So, I had to
down a quart ½ of milk. I downed it right there in front of them. And then I
held it – I didn’t allow myself to pee, so I keep recycling the nutrients
because I had to fly from Holland to England. The flight that I was supposed to
get from Finland to England was cancelled when I got to the airport, so I had to
go to Air France – take a flight to Holland and then from Holland to the UK
because I had a workshop to do the next day in Antigua in the Bahama Islands, in
the Antilles. So, I had to get there by a certain hour. So, I was hopping planes
all over. Holland wouldn’t let me on, so I had no milk in England. So, I’m
holding my pee, I refuse to pee, I’m just recycling my pee inside. And I
didn’t pee until I got milk in Antigua.

G: So, if you don’t pee you’ll recycle it?

A: You’ll recycle your – yeah.

G: I’m going to stop peeing.

A: You can drink it, but it doesn’t taste that good – it leaves an odd
smell in your mouth.

G: Yeah, but why drink it when you can just recycle it?

A: Yeah, just recycle it.

G: Doesn’t urine contain a lot of toxins?

A: No. Just remember, as I’ve said a thousand million times: your urinary
tracts and bowels are not your waste centers – your skin is your waste center.
The urine is nothing other than the blood with ammonia and without the red and
white blood cells. If you urinated all the time your red and white blood cells
you’d be anemic and in miserable shape. So, the kidney manufactures ammonia
and ammonia reacts to red and white blood cells like two south ends of a magnet.
So, the red and white blood cells don’t move into the kidney because of the
ammonia. So, everything that’s in urine is what’s in your blood: it’s
feeding your blood cells – feeding the red and white blood cells. So, your
blood should be pure – not toxic.

G: And what about feces? Does that contain toxins?

A: Feces is not supposed to be a toxin either.

G: So, if you eat cheese and it absorbs toxins –

A: Then that will be toxic.

G: Where does it go?

A: It will go out the feces.

G: Okay.

A: Yeah, that will. But, you’re forcing it to be a detoxifier.

G: Okay.

A: And I will use that as a detoxifier, but normally when you have feces it’s
only not completely digested food. You look at a cow, a horse or anybody
they’ve only digested 67% of their grasses; insects will get in there, dogs,
and they’ll eat up the rest. And even humans will eat feces from cows in
certain countries because they don’t have enough protein. So, when it’s gone
through the digestive tract of a cow, or a horse, or a goat or sheep it’s 67%
digested. Then, all of a sudden you can act as a vegetarian, but you’re eating
a shit vegetarian diet – literally.

And you can… People in Georgia, Russia lived on – the poor people who were
basically field workers - ate buffalo shit and thrived on it because it was
pre-digested. The cellulose was broken down, so that they can start digesting
the fats and the proteins from it. So, when you have a bowel movement – you
see dogs eating human shit. All these animals – insects – all kinds of
creatures – will eat feces. In the ocean, crustaceans eat feces. That’s what
they’re built to eat; that’s what they’re intended to eat and it makes
them healthy. But remember, feces is just supposed to be food that’s not
completely digested; it’s not supposed to be toxic. Your toxins are supposed
to leave through the skin after they’re reduced to a liquid substance by the
lymphatic system. But like I said: with all the trans-fatty acids and all the
plastic fats, lymph systems are just jammed. So, they can’t get rid of those
toxins through their skin until they get into a hot tub that’s 105 to 110
degrees for 90 minutes a day.

G: Can you sweat a lot naturally? That’s good?

A: Yes, it’s good, but you’re not going to get rid of those trans-fatty
acids. You have to get the body up to 105 to 110 degrees to do that – to melt
that stuff out of there. It’s just like people say: “Well, a rebounder’s
good for the lymphatic system.” I said: “If you took a cold stick of butter
in a cold glass and you jump for ½ hour, do you think that butter’s going to
melt?” No, it’s not going to melt. So, you can bounce on that forever. As
long as that is cold and solid it’s not going to – you can be out there 50
degrees – 60 degrees weather and you can bounce for five days in a row and
that butter is not going to melt. The trans-fatty acids – the plastic oils in
your body – will not get into a fluid system to move through those pores until
it’s reached 105-108 degrees.

G: So, the heat actually makes those oils less viscous?

A: They can move through the pore.

G: So, the lymph?

A: No, not the lymph – the lymph reduces it to a substance to be able to put
through the pore if it’s the right temperature. It’s up to your body to heat
up. Fevers are good – fevers are wonderful to relieve stuff. But, the hot tub
is the best. Now, when I had my hot tub I would just go to sleep in it – I
would sleep four, six hours in my hot tub every night. I’d made my sleep-time
in the hot tub.

G: When you were so sick?

A: Well, not even just sick – I mean when I moved from that house two years
ago – two ½ years ago, when the city kicked me out. I’d sleep in it. I’d
have my milk and my Sports Formula in there – sip on it. I’d wake up after
40 minutes or 30 minutes, drink some, go right back to sleep. Sometimes, I’d
sleep for straight two hours.

G: The chlorine and fluoride in the water?

A: I had well water. But, I’ve said in We Want to Live: I talk about the
baths in there under Health Modalities. I tell you to put raw unpasteurized
apple cider vinegar, milk, sea salt and coconut cream in the water if you want
to neutralize the poisons. Seven minutes before you get into the water.

G: And then when you’re heating the water back up you drain the tub first and
then you put the hot water –

A: No, you drain two inches.

G: Two inches, right. Yes, two inches. And then you add more water and you keep
doing that – do you add more sea salt, and vinegar and –

A: I’ve found that you didn’t have to.

G: Yeah, it just kind of spreads or whatever.

A: The two inches that you’re adding back and dispersing it as your –
because you’re just adding scalding water in and moving the hot water like
this – it’s doesn’t – it’s already absorbing those toxins – the milk
that’s already in there. I mean you can put in a lot. Like, when I was in
Cincinnati – I got there on Thursday night and I hadn’t had a bath in two
weeks and I thought: “I better take a bath.” And the water is slippery. It
was so full of fluoride. I mean it’s like oil – it’s oil-based. So, I put
a whole quart of milk in the bath tub. That much fluoride is going to take more
nutrients. That’s a lot of fluoride when it’s slippery like that – oily
almost. Really bad.

Okay, who else is back there that has a question? Yes, back there first?

G: Osteoporosis.

A: I’ve fully healed it. Uh, she asked about osteoporosis. Osteoporosis is a
thinning of the bone. You lose minerals – mainly calcium, phosphorous,
potassium and magnesium - the alkalizing parts of the bone, which constitutes
about 2/3 of the bone. So, your body starts using that in other areas because
you’re not eating the proper foods to get it out of those alkalizing minerals.
So, your body starts leaching from its own bone – that’s osteoporosis. To
relieve that, you eat three times a day. I’ve taken people who’ve been as
much as 32% bone loss – women mainly – 32% bone loss, which is considered
severe. That’s when you start cracking everything – you have a fall and you
break your hip bone. What I have them do is have two tbsp. of cheese three times
daily with one ½ to two tsp. honey.

G: Can you repeat that again?

A: It’s two tbsp. raw no salt cheese with one ½ to two tsp. honey. And the
honey and the cheese have to go down the throat together, so you can mash them
or put the honey and the cheese in your mouth at the same time. Now, when you
eat anything dehydrated there are no bio-active enzymes. Food will not digest
properly without leaching nutrients from some other area of your body. However,
honey is mainly enzymes for digestion. So, when you eat the honey with the
cheese you provide yourself with the nutrients to digest the cheese. Because it
is so concentrated it’s like taking this much milk and reducing it to this and
concentration of minerals. When you eat it with the honey mainly it’s the
minerals – it’s a mineral supplement. It would be like taking a bottle of
rock minerals that you will never digest anyway because we don’t digest rock
minerals. But in cheese form, those minerals are already in food form. We just
add the bioactive enzymes of honey back to it and then we have a digestible food
which should replace the bone very quickly.

Now, the one person I was talking about that came in – the 32% bone loss –
she reversed it in 20 months.

G: Would you also add butter?

A: You don’t have to – you can. If the person is very thin and fat
deficient I would say have butter with it.

G: Thank you.

A: You’re welcome.

Okay, yours now?

G: I have a scar on my chest from 15-years-old. It’s growing larger and
larger, very, very sporadically.

A: Chelating.

G: Yeah, chelating. It’s incredibly sensitive. I can taste Acutane around the
time that this showed up. And, I mean I’ve done everything as far as I know
– I don’t take a lot of things to take this down because it is very
sensitive.

A: Basically it’s cancerous tumor. So, you put pineapple – take a little
piece of pineapple over there, rub it on only once a day. Next day you put raw
apple cider vinegar on there. Next day, pineapple. Next day, apple cider vinegar
and let it eat away at it a little at a time. But, there’s no use putting dead
cells there that you’re not dissolving in the body – just building there.
It’s better on the skin, than in the lungs, in your lymphatic system, or any
of the liver, glands or any of those – better right there. I’ve seen it and
I’ve had a lot of people who have had their cancer right here.

G: Now what about mixing the apple cider vinegar with clay?

A: Not a good idea.

G: Not a good idea?

A: No, because the clay is going to rip the fats out of it. The fats need to
react with the apple cider vinegar or you’re going to damage the tissue.

G: Okay, so just pineapple, apple cider vinegar and rotate them?

A: Yeah.

G: Okay.

G: Is there a brand of vinegar you recommend?

A: Solana Gold. Solana Gold – S-O-L-A-N-A – is the only one that’s aged
in wood and stored in wood.

G: What about Bragg’s? You don’t want us to use anymore?

A: I never said Bragg’s – I’ve been with Solana Gold for 10 years.

G: So, Bragg’s you get –

A: Bragg’s ages theirs in wood, but stores it in stainless steel.

G: Oh no, I’ve been using –

A: Bragg’s used to do it the way Solana Gold is, but they sold Solana Gold
their extra wooden barrels.

G: I’ve been using it. Would it do any harm to you?

A: When Bragg died his daughter took it over and changed the whole process.

G: I know, but I’ve been using it for the last so many years.

A: Well, still it’s better than Hain’s or any of the others, but Solana
Gold is the best.

G: For what it’s worth, they don’t store it anymore in oak. They do ferment
it, but I talked to Solana Gold because I’m going to try and get in our food
buying club and she said we store it in stainless steel now.

A: They did? When did they start doing that?

G: She didn’t announce as to when the date was they changed, but she said we
just don’t have enough capacity to store it in the wood that long. So, we
can’t sell it immediately after we ferment it.

A: Well, there’s no difference between Bragg and Solana Gold then.

G: I have to say: when you look at Bragg’s vinegar compared to Solana Gold
there’s a big difference in the color and the mother on the bottom. I mean,
Solana looks so much more concentrated and filled with so much more nutrients.

A: Well, Bragg claims that they don’t filter it, but I’ve seen them filter
it.

G: I think they do.

G: It’s a weaker vinegar.

A: Well, it doesn’t have much mother and it doesn’t have much peptin in it.

G: Yeah, it doesn’t have much of the mother.

G: There’s another brand out there too that Erewhan sells. It’s another
vinegar. It also said raw, unfiltered. I forgot to get the name.

A: Is it clear or is it really foggy like Solana Gold?

G: I’ll have to look at it again.

A: Well, if it’s really foggy it’s better.

G: Now, Aajonus?

A: Yes, Jim.

G: I just wanted to ask this gentleman over here if he could take pictures
every day. Would you mind taking a picture –

G: I don’t mind.

G: When you start on this thing?

G: What do you say – every day or so? Is it going to be noticeably changed?

A: Well, it takes time.

G: So, what, about once a week?

A: Yeah, let’s say he takes a picture once every two weeks.

G: Okay, yeah, I’d appreciate that. Yeah, people need to know about this. Of
course, yeah, okay.

A: And if it gets really sore – if it starts seeping or bleeding – you have
to cut out the pineapple.

G: Okay.

A: Just put the vinegar on it.

G: Will it also help if I take this internally as well?

A: Yeah, definitely, but usually on the skin it has to be on the surface.

G: Okay.

G: And that’s assuming he’s on a regular raw diet?

A: Yeah.

Do you have a question?

G: Yes, I have three children: 14-years-old, 12 and 9. By the time I realized
vaccines and injections were bad for you, my first child – son – had gone
pretty much through the whole course of all those injections, accept the
(Inaudible).

A: So, he had injections all the way up to 15-years-old?

G: No, he’s 14 now. Up to 12-years-old – 11 – 12 – 11.

A: So, he didn’t have all of them?

G: Not all of them. The (Inaudible) that’s required in middle school – I
didn’t let him have that. But, the other two children have less of those
vaccinations. They still have some, but less.

A: Uh-huh.

G: Physically he’s really good, everything, he’s doing very in his school
– very, very well. But, he’s very nervous – constantly needs attention.
Very insecure – he needs to hear that we love him all the time and that what
he’s doing is not wrong and all this thing. And he’s trouble making friends.

A: Is he thin?

G: No, he’s not thin.

A: What kind of fat is he eating?

G: Well, I try to feed him raw butter as much as I can. I try to feed him at
least one glass of milk every morning. He eats a lot of junk of course.

A: How about milkshakes?

G: I do them as often as I can, yeah. But, he gets fed a lot of junk at school.

A: Well, the only way you can counter that is to get him to eat a lot of cheese
to absorb those poisons and he needs to exercise.

G: He does – he goes to soccer at least three times a week.

A: He may have – let’s say he has 11 activity rings in his eyes – that
means he produces hormones for physical activity for 11 to 12 hours daily.

I had one couple bring me their – 13 ½ at the time – and I ask people not
to tell me their problem – I want to tell them what I see. So, I don’t want
to be – have my mind working on what they’ve already told me. Because my
mind will do that; my mind will work on as much information as it can get. And I
just want to go off of what can see in the irises. So, this couple brought the
daughter. I shot her eyes, then she went to the back in a chair and the parents
sat right next to me and we want over the irises. And I always read the activity
lines last. Now, the most activity lines that I’ve ever seen before in my
professional athletes are 11. This girl had 14.

G: Whew.

A: And I said: “You cannot put this girl in a regular school. She has 14
activity rings. She will never be able to focus or concentrate; they’re going
to label her as ADHD/ADD and you’re going to have a hell of a problem with
her. She needs to exercise 10 to 15 minutes every hour for her mind to be open
and clear.” And they said: “That’s why we brought her here. That’s what
it is.”

And I looked back at the poor girl and I was going to ask for her idea about
that – whether she could – and she was going like this.

G: Wow.

A: That’s how much energy that poor girl has. And I said: “You need to put
her in a sports school, a dance school or something. You can’t put her in a
regular school. They’ll just medicate her to death and then you’ll have a
vegetable on your hands.” So, there are sports schools out there – dance
schools – there all kinds of schools. So, they put her in a school for that.
They’re fine now, but they had trouble with her for six years in school all
that time and all they needed to be told was that this chid needed to exercise
every hour.

G: Hmm.

A friend of mine was a teacher from New Zealand who was a Special Ed teacher.
And she got a job in Beverly Hills at a Catholic high school there and she
wasn’t even Catholic. So, I thought: “Hmm, something’s really wrong there
– Catholics don’t hire non-Catholics to teach children, unless there’s
something terribly wrong.” So, she came home, called me and she was crying,
and crying and crying. And I said: “What’s going on?” She said: “They
gave me all the worst kids in the world in the whole school – all different
grades and ages all in this one room. And I have to deal with all of them.”
And she said: “I couldn’t control them for even one minute.” I said:
“It’s very easy: take them for five minutes, let them go wild in the room
– screaming. You have to tell the next classrooms about two ½ to five minutes
every hour. Five minutes – they have to get through it. Maybe they can do
something in their classroom like it. So, these kids would make messes of
everything. They just spent five minutes cleaning it up and then I told her to
have them sit down and sing the word: Om, nine times. And that puts the brain in
an alpha state. Those kids were fine every day. They did it every hour, every
day during school. And that’s all it took. Those kids got top grades. They
were better than other kids because now the hormones for physical activity were
utilized and they weren’t clouding the mind. And usually when the body is that
active, the mind is that active too, so you’ve got a lot of geniuses there…
just unable to function because of those physiological hormones, so it’s that
easy.

They fired her six months later because they found out she was saying the word
Om – having the kids say the word Om – and that was the devils work. Can you
imagine that? And then the kids went right about within a few months back to the
same way. I don’t get it.

G: Superstition.

A: Yeah.

G: So, for the diet?

A: You need to get as much milkshakes in him to calm him down as possible, the
cheese, and exercise. And you know a little bit of exercise may be enough for
him. He may need a tremendous amount of exercise. I wouldn’t know unless I saw
his eyes – how much we were dealing with. It was his physical body –

G: They always think that’s there is something wrong with him.

A: If the body has hormones and it needs to utilize and it’s not doing it the
body becomes uneasy. If he has depression that’s something else: that’s low
bacteria in the colon.

Do you have a question?

G: Yeah, I was going to go back to bacteria, parasites and molds: is there any
of them we can cure at all?

A: Any of them that are made by the universities, the pharmaceutical industries
used by the military: the E. boli; the aids; the anthrax – those are
biological weapons. Aids was made in 1961-62 at UCLA, discovered by Dr. Robert
Strecker and it’s all documented in the documentary: This is a Bio-attack
Alert. [ http://www.umoja-research.com/bio-attack_doc.htm ]

And then Leonard Horowitz [http://www.tetrahedron.org/ ] documented how the E.
boli was made and how manufactured aids was put in the small pox vaccine in
Africa. Out of 127M vaccines 97M people were poisoned and got the aids. About
27M didn’t react to it in the same way that 97M did. So, if it doesn’t come
from your food and isn’t part of your body or the earth or dirt, it’s not
safe – it’ll be dangerous – and you can only get that if you’re
injected. Don’t let a needle get near you because you never know what’s in
it.

Do you have a question, Alyson?

G: I have – yeah, I do: I’ve been having some dizzy spells and I know why
– I’ve discovered that. Unfortunately, I had a problem and I figured out
what that was, but now I just need to heal my brains and to build up my brain
– and to reduce any kind of inflammation or and/or cyst or tumor that could be
in my brain. So, what are the best foods and –

A: Dizziness doesn’t come from that.

G: It doesn’t?

A: No, not unless you’re on drugs. You high?

G: Because I was working on my computer and this DSL system – this block
thing – it was positioned at the back of my head and I’ve been radiating and
heating up the back of my head for nine months, or something like that. It was
progressively getting worse. I had to get a new cell phone. My old cell phone
was really dying. All the new cell phones are very high EMF. I used this one new
cell phone – that Samsung Galaxy 3 – and it’s making my hand hurt and a
pain going up my arm. And I’m trying to do a text on it and I can feel it go
ugh-ugh-ugh in my head. So, I’m not using that phone anymore. But, just
whatever I can do heal my brain and to reduce any kind of inflammation, perhaps.

A: Well, the brain mainly uses cream.

G: Cream, okay?

A: So, you’ve got to have little amounts of cream frequently.

G: My body like cream too.

A: Yeah. And that’ll mean you’re going to swell some, but you have to deal
with it.

G: Oh, that’s fine. My body likes cream – really likes cream. I mean I used
to love the raw ice-cream – I used to get it at Rawesome.

A: I drank two cups the day before yesterday and two cups yesterday –
literally. I would eat honey – the honeycomb – you know there’s the
honeycomb. And yesterday I did it with blueberries – you know, blueberries and
cream – chew the blueberries and the cream. If I just drink the cream I’ll
get heavy. I need some of those enzymes to help digest that much cream. I
normally recommend that nobody drink more than half a cup of cream at a time,
unless you’ve got serious help in digesting it.

G: So, like raw eggs smoothies with some cream?

A: Usually, if you want to do that honey and cream is better –

G: Oh, just honey and cream.

A: For your brain.

G: Oh, yeah?

A: The honey and cream.

G: You blend it?

A: No, no, no – you just put a little honey in your mouth, put the cream in
there – let’s say a tbsp. – maybe an 1/8 of a tsp. of honey in there and a
¼ tsp. of honey in there with a tbsp. of cream at a time and just mix it all
together, swallow it. And you can have ½ cup day like that, for about 10 days.
And you’ll cut that right out.

G: Okay.

A: If you really think you have got an abscess in your brain because the
electromagnetic field got disrupted and damaged your tissue, then you need to
eat the detoxification – the bacterial lowering formula. Which is like three
oz lime juice, two oz honey, two tsp. lemon juice, three tbsp. coconut cream,
three tbsp. dairy cream and a tsp. vinegar – raw apple cider vinegar.

G: That’s what again?

A: That’s for reducing bacterial, parasitical, fungal – detoxifications.

G: Would that have (Inaudible) for reducing that?

A: Well, this is – most often – you’ve got one ear filling and not the
other; one ear’s getting too much water.

G: I mean, I can even hear it in my bed.

A: That’s too much water in one ear. So, the ear where you hear the ocean, or
humming, or buzzing, or ringing – that’s where you need to put the hot water
bottle at that ear, so you can perspire – get some of that water out of that
ear. But, if you will keep filling it and filling it, it’ll keep detoxifying,
so you may have to do that every day.

G: Oh, okay.

A: If the other ear starts ringing then you need to put it on that for that
night and the other ear.

G: I need the hot water bottle. I love the hot water bottle. It’s so amazing.

A: They are.

G: It’s a great – excellent tool – it’s amazing. Thank you.

A: Okay, Roger – do you have a question?

G: Yes. I perspire very little. Is this a problem and what should I do about
it?

A: You need to eat more, gain 30 to 40 pounds, so you can afford to hold more
fluids and perspire. Right now, you don’t have much fluid.

G: Well, I’m working a lot during the day.

A: Well, do you drink a lot of water?

G: Uh.

A: If you drink water that’s not going to help you.

G: No, I drink mineral water.

A: That’s not going to help you.

G: And ice tea.

A: That doesn’t help you.

G: A little coffee now and then.

A: Doesn’t help you.

Do you drink milk?

G: I do. A drink about a little over a quart a day.

A: Well, drink two quarts and stop drinking the other stuff. And drink
vegetable juice instead of the tea.

G: Well, I drink a couple vegetable juices a day.

A: Okay, you’re a tall guy – you can drink three quarts. I drink two quarts
a day, minimum.

G: That’s kefir?

A: No, not all the time.

G: Really?

A: It’s always room temperature or warmer.

G: Hmm.

A: Most often it’s on its way, but I travel so much that I can’t keep it
into kefir form (Inaudible). But, I never take more than two oz. of cold milk at
a time. And that’s if I’ve forgotten to take it out and I thought I did. And
I go out, have my two oz. of milk and I drink that over about two minutes –
you know, two oz a minute – so I have four oz. at a time. And then I leave the
milk out.

What I usually do is I’ll put it in a bowl of hot water and warm it quickly,
so I don’t have to wait so long. So, I can just sip milk all day long.

G: Excuse me? Is this for the vegetable juice? At room temperature?

A: Everything except vegetable juice. I take my meat out the night before that
I’m going to eat in the morning – the meat I’m going to use during the day
and the next morning. Actually, what I do is: I take my meat on Sunday. I get
the big cuts – the roasts – only not roasted and I’ll cut those into inch
slices this way, flip it and cut it into inch slices this way and then inch
slices this way. So, I’ve inch cubes. Then I put those into my food processor,
so it’s no more than this much high – about an inch above the top blade. And
then I’ll grind that for about 40 seconds, so I pate my meat. And that’ll
make two cups. So, I take these two-cup jars, stuff them almost to the top and I
do one a day and then one extra for the week – so I make eight a week. So, I
do all of my meat on a Sunday for the whole week so I don’t have to deal with
that – I have time for other things. And I make all of my foods in the morning
for the whole day. See that little bag down there? I have every food until I go
to sleep at night. And then the next morning I will make all the foods for the
day. I don’t have to do anything with the meats because that’s already made.
If I have to do juicing then of course that day I have to spend an hour juicing,
so that’s a little extra time. But, if you want to stay on the diet and do it
well, you prepare all of your foods in the day in the morning. Or, if you’re
doing your cheese, your eggs, your meat, or juice and then meat – during that
span you can have everything prepared. If I do the meat on Sunday I can prepare
all of my foods for the whole day in 35 minutes.

G: The whole week, you mean?

A: No, each day I still prepare those for the day. But, the meats I do once a
week.

G: Do you add honey to that meat before you pate’d it?

A: No.

G: Oh.

G: Why don’t you get your meat ground?

G: Yeah, wouldn’t that be simpler?

A: Your body makes hydrochloric acid to dissolve larger particles of food to
put it into a soup. Then, the bacteria infiltrates that and then the
bacteria’s waste is our nutrients.

G: No, I mean if you have ground –

A: Listen to me. So, if you have ground meat, your body still has to make a lot
of hydrochloric acid to dissolve that into a soup. If it’s pate’d by the
time you’ve already finished mixing in saliva in your mouth it’s the soup
– your body doesn’t even have to manufacture a hydrochloric acid anywhere in
the stomach or intestines.

I sleep one to one ½ hours less when I pate my foods. When I eat ground meat I
still sleep 45 minutes to hour more. If I eat – take meat and I cut it like
here – I will sleep an extra two hours tonight.

G: Wow.

A: Because my body has to make a lot of hydrochloric acid to dissolve that into
a soup for the bacteria to eat, so if you want to maximise your time and energy
don’t do something you don’t have to do – pate your meat.

G: No, I’m saying if you have ground meat I still pate it.

A: Okay, you can do that – that’s fine.

G: So, why do you buy this?

A: I buy the chunk and those other cuts because it’s sweeter to me. When I
have it ground at a store they use a high compression.

G: Marilyn sells the ground beef.

A: Yeah, and they use a high pressure grinder to make it. To me it homogenizes
some of the fat molecules. So, it absorbs some of the blood in it and it takes
the sweetness away. So, when I cut them up like that and put it and pate it all
the time, that blood and the fat are all dispersed evenly. So, it tastes a
little bit better. And I’ll make sauces with it. The only problem with it I
have is it raises my libido. Except I don’t have a girlfriend here, so it’s
a little annoying because I’ll get a little horny while I’m sitting here
trying to work. But, what it is, is: you take about two large tomatoes and put
them in the middle of a quart jar, and you take one of those whole packages or
two of dill and you don’t use the stems – you use mainly the stalks on them
– the fronds on it – the tentacles. And you put that in there with a… I
use about a thin slice of onion – about like this and about this big around.
About 1/8th of an inch thick – maybe three thirty-seventh’s of an inch
thick. And then I put two cloves of garlic in.

G: Two cloves? Wow.

A: Well, not the whole –

G: Right. But still?

A: Little cloves. But, you’re talking about a quart of fluid here.

G: Oh, a quart.

A: So, then I’ll put one ½ tbsp. of vinegar and with that two tbsp. of
honey. It is absolutely delicious! And it will last for months in and around the
refrigerator. I have been travelling with mine. I’ve got a little bit left –
I’ve got about this much left that I’ve been eating for a month. And I put
just a little of that on my – if I put a lot on then I’ll be really horny.
So, I just put a little bit on – enough to really flavor and make the pate
taste very, very nice.

G: Hmm.

A: But, I always pack my butter with all of that, so I eat a lot of butter –
like three tbsp. of butter to four tbsp. per meat meal.

G: Is that in the Recipe Book?

A: No, no. It may be in there, but I don’t think so. That’s something I
came up with in the Philippines the last time I was there.

G: (Inaudible).

A: Yeah – I blend it and blend it.

G: Hey, Aajonus – you said don’t eat double ground beef. But, if you pate
it – is that okay to buy double ground beef, or not?

A: When you put the double ground beef through the high-compressor it
homogenizes all the fat. It’s not under high pressure in a food processor.

G: No, but earlier you said to Kathy: single ground you can use that to pate
it.

A: Yeah.

G: My question is –

A: It’s still.

G: It’s still not as good?

A: It still doesn’t taste as good.

G: Okay. But, even if you’re pate’ing it you still don’t want double
ground?

A: No.

G: You only want single ground?

A: Because then you homogenize all the fat.

G: Is that meat that Marilyn sells – the ground bought meat – is that
ground twice?

A: I don’t know. I don’t buy it, so you’d have to ask her.

G: So, Aajonus – when you pate your meat it never goes through such a
high-powered sort of –

A: No, there’s no pressure – the grinding.

G: So, you can pate it to a sauce and it would be okay?

A: Well, you’re going to stop the meat – if you blend the sauce in it
it’s going to arrest because all those things are alkalising – you’re
using the tomato in it – it’s got a high alkalinity, so the bacteria’s not
going to grow in the meat.

G: What about the meat by itself?

A: You will partially digest it – it won’t digest as well by itself.

G: What about the meat by itself do you think?

A: You do that by itself and then when you’re ready to eat it, then you have
your sauce and butter at that time.

G: Well, what do you do if I’ve already bought already two pounds of ground
beef from her?

G: Eat it.

A: Use it and dump the rest.

G: I have to eat it then?

A: Yeah, I’d eat it.

G: Why not give it to the poor?

G: So, you can do that pate’d thing with chicken and fish and –

A: Absolutely, you can do it with anything.

G: And no sauce is better for digestion – within it – storing it, or
whatever?

A: Yes, you don’t want to store your meat in sauce, unless it’s just for an
hour or two – to marinate it – add flavor.

G: Did you say butter goes in that sauce?

A: Well, yes I did. I’m putting… and you can even put cheese in it, but the
cheese makes it even hornier if I put that in there. The minerals start – they
help my body grow from getting hormones. Remember, hormones are for emergency
purposes. But, I don’t exercise because I have no activity rings – well,
this is my exercise. Remember Cary Graham? This is his exercise. That and sex
– that’s all he used to say for exercise.

Anyway, you can put cheese in it; you can put butter in it. Do not put olive
oil in it. Do not put an oil, or coconut oil. Put butter in it.

G: Butter with the white meat, like chicken or turkey, or something like that?
Would that be different – that you could put olive oil in it?

A: You don’t really want an oil. Olive oil is a heavy detoxifier.

G: I’ve been putting olive oil in my pate’d chicken for probably six or
seven years.

A: Yeah, well you’ll be constantly detoxifying. And that’s okay if you like
that. You’re not going to rebuild – not heal very much; olive oil doesn’t
provide for healing.

G: So, just add butter to replace that?

A: Put butter in your sauce.

G: Okay.

A: Instead of olive oil.

Kathy, do you have a question?

G: Oh, yeah – that toe of mine is inflamed and swollen – the left one, near
the end.

A: Uh-huh.

G: And I’ve been putting the hot water bottle on at night, but in day time I
have trouble walking – it’s like needles and pins in your foot.

A: Okay, at night before you go to sleep soak it in lime juice. Squeeze enough
lime juice. So, you’ve got a little bowl, stick your foot in there –

G: Cold water?

A: Lime juice.

G: Oh, just put it in a bowl?

A: In a bowl with lime juice in it – yeah. It’ll be cold – that’s okay
– it doesn’t matter.

G: And the filtered water: do I have to use gerolsteiner water? What type of
water?

A: You’re not using any water – you’re using straight lime juice.

G: Straight lime juice?

A: Yeah, straight lime juice. In a bowl. So, just you use a whole cup – cup
and a ½. You can reuse it – you can reuse it for two months.

G: Wow.

A: So, you just put your foot in it every night for 20 minutes. Put the hot
water bottle on it for the rest of the night and it will resolve that. Okay?

G: And I have to make it with a cup and a ½?

A: Make a cup of juice – a cup and a ½ of lime juice – in a 12 oz jelly
jar. So, when you finish soaking your foot you can put the juice in the jar and
put it back in the refrigerator. Next night you take that out put it in the bowl
again, soak your foot for 20 minutes – or that toe in that area. It’ll be
cold, but that’s fine. You can warm it if you like; you can put it in a bowl
of warm water and warm it. It’ll work faster if you do that, and you may only
have to soak it for 10 minutes.

G: Wait a minute – I heat the water on a stove?

A: No, the hot tap water you can.

G: But that tap water is fluoride and all that.

A: You’re not putting that in the lime juice. You’re taking the jar
that’s closed with the lime juice in it, right? You’re immersing that in a
bowl of hot water, so the water’s not getting into the lime juice. Okay?

G: Oh, I see.

A: Do you have a question?

G: I’ve got a lot of questions, but one of them is: I think I’ve read up on
your remedies for waking up at night and not being able to get back to sleep –
there’s nut paste; there’s milk and honey; there’s raspberry jam. What
else?

A: Okay, what is your problem?

G: I don’t know.

A: You go to sleep and you wake up how many hours later?

G: Two hours – two hours and then I’m awake. It varies, but I don’t –

A: Stop eating the olive oil. You’re detoxing at night-time.

G: Okay.

A: Start eating the butter, start eating more cream. You’re going to get
fatter again which is good, but you’re going to be able to sleep better. As
long as you keep eating the olive oil with your meat you’re going to be in
constant detox. And that meat’s not going to feed your brain. And any time you
can’t sleep it’s a protein deficiency, unless you’re on some kind of
cocaine or drug keeping you from sleeping.

G: One more thing: can I just say what is that main thing that is hurting my
toe? What is that?

A: Bursa.

G: What is that?

A: Bursa: it’s a little sac that makes fluid to lubricate all the toes.
You’ve got one on each side of the foot.

G: But, why now? Is it detoxing?

A: Yeah. Whenever you have a problem, it’s detoxing. Any time you have a
problem anywhere in the body you’ve got industrial toxins in that area that
need to be removed. So, your body will put extra blood circulation and lymph
circulation into it to feed it and cleanse it. That causes the swelling, which
causes pain. If your body can use white blood cells to eat that dead tissue –
see white blood cells in the blood stream eat dead red blood cell tissue.

G: So, the lime is – like, in your juice or in your food – it does – just
antibacterial?

A: Lime juice will reduce the need for having white blood cells there. See,
you’re thinking ahead of me again. If I wanted to take it out on you –
they’re not as smart as you, okay? So, when we have white blood cells – they
eat dead red blood cells – they keep the blood clean. Their waste is nutrients
– it can be reused in the body. It doesn’t even have to dump into the
intestines. Anything that a white blood cell – as long as it’s organic and
pure and natural – that waste can be recycled in the blood. Okay? When your
body doesn’t have the proper bacteria, parasites or fungus in a particular
area you will get puss. Puss is white blood cells leaving the blood stream going
into an area to eat up dead cells – dead tissue.

G: Hmm.

A: That’s all it is. So, that’s why your dogs and cats – anytime you’re
pussing – they’ll come over and lick your white blood cells; they know
it’s good stuff because there’s very little toxins in it, but you’re
losing all of these white blood cells. And remember: you can reproduce your red
and white blood cells in the bone marrow. It’s a slow process, plus they have
to mature in the bone marrow and when they’re mature they enter the blood
stream. So, it isn’t like they divide and then all of a sudden go into the
blood stream – they have to mature. So, there are only so many red and white
blood cells that can manifest – that can breed in the bone marrow at a time
and mature and get into the system. So, there’s a limit. So, whenever you’re
losing white blood cells with puss it’s a huge waste. Lime juice coats any
toxin, so your body doesn’t damage cells surrounding cells – so, your body
will have to call in white blood cells to eat them. So, what will happen is:
when the body throws off those toxins through the skin, it will be a little dry
area where you just scratch it off. So, instead of having puss and big area of
the skin which is red and inflamed in puss, you’ll have a little dry area and
you’ll just pick off that toxin as it comes out the dry skin. Easy way to do
it. Okay?

G: So, if it’s mainly a protein deficiency how come the raspberries and honey
works?

A: Because they have a tendency to raise sugar levels that pull out glycogen
out of the body.

G: But, you can do it with blueberries and honey or some other berries. I mean,
it doesn’t have to be raspberries?

A: Yeah, it can be any berry. But, that’s just a quick fix – it’s not
going to remedy your problem. The problem is you’re having olive oil with your
meat all the time.

G: Well, with chicken. Yeah. Okay.

A: If you do that two days a week – okay.

G: Well, not all my meat. See, I have at least 50% – sometimes way more –
beef or bison. And then the chicken which has been –

A: Marinated in olive oil.

G: Marinated in – well, first with lemon and then the lemon poured off. And
then a fairly small amount of olive oil and onions or something like that. But,
I could put butter in there – try butter and honey in the –

G: Cream?

G: Yeah.

A: In the food processor.

G: The food processor, yeah.

A: It would be better because remember the brain uses more white meats than
red. Eyes use more red meat, the ears use red meat, but the brain itself uses
more white meat.

G: So, if I wanted to be smart like I was as a kid I could eat a lot of red
meat, huh?

A: Yeah, a little bit. Not with olive oil.

G: Yeah, okay.

A: Once in a while – maybe two meat meals a week, out of 14.

G: Thanks.

A: You’re welcome.

G: Well, first – let’s see. Well, I don’t really want to do this, but I
will. Excuse me, I’m going to get upset here.

A: It’s okay – be upset. It’s a relief. Really, crying is the best thing
you can do. It actually transforms toxic hormones – like old toxic adrenaline
and hormones that are man-made poorly out of old toxic stuff from years ago –
and it actually transforms them into endorphins which relax and heal the body.

G: Great, I’ll feel better after I cry.

A: So, just cry all you want to. So, I can come back to you in a second.

G: Okay, so in 2010 I had a hemorrhaging stroke for reasons the doctors can’t
explain to me. Okay, fine. So, over the last –

A: Let’s resolve that right now: hydrogenated vegetable oils.

G: Hmm.

G: Okay, the other thing was: so, for a year and a ½ after that I had great
recovery. I’d been on the raw diet for a year and during that year I ate a lot
of fish. And I guess it helped or something.

A: But now the fish is contaminated.

G: So, I stopped eating the fish. Yeah, right around June or July or whatever.
And since then I have lost all my recovery.

A: Recovery, yeah.

G: Yeah.

A: Well, you’ll just have to go for fish that’s not from the Pacific Ocean
because of the Fukushima radiation. Need to get it from Nova Scotia or New
England.

G: Where do you get that?

A: You can go to Santa Monica Sea Food Market.

G: Nova Scotia?

A: And New England.

G: You said you gave up all sea food.

A: All sea food from the Pacific and South Atlantic.

G: They don’t have any oysters from Nova Scotia?

A: Yeah, you ask them which ones and they’ll tell you which ones.

G: Would something like the fermented cod liver oil help at all?

A: That would not really heal yourself. You’ve already had the damage – you
have scar tissue.

G: I healed a lot and I recreated a lot of new neurons in the back, then I lost
the ones that I created.

A: No, you just have a block. You still have them. You probably still have the
trans-fatty acids blocking your brain. Because they collect – they have a
tendency to – like sand and collect. Oh, she isn’t here this time –
Rosanna: she passed a bunch of little crystals from her urinary tract and she
hit them with a hammer and they wouldn’t even break – they wouldn’t even
dent. That’s plastic oil. When it is solidified in the body it collects. I had
one of those pop out of my nose one time. I mean, I took a sledge hammer –
wouldn’t even dent it – would not even dent it. That’s the block in your
brain and the only thing that’s going to get rid of that is the Sport Formula,
and hot baths and hot water bottles on your brain – on your head.

G: You heat up – I mean, hot water?

A: Hot water bottles on your head.

G: Yeah, you wrap it with a towel – he told me.

A: Yeah.

G: The thing is when it comes down to here and then it cuts here – I feel I
can’t move – I feel it hurts me.

A: Well, put it a little higher.

G: Oh, okay.

G: Can I ask you something about those hot baths? – do you recommend those
hot baths? Would that be the same as saunas or sweat lodges or –

A: Saunas are a minimum of 132 degrees.

G: Oh.

A: Those are the infrared. And your skin starts being damaged at 110 degrees
– destroy the vitamins and enzymes in your skin. Imagine what it does to your
sinuses and your bronchial tubes and lungs.

G: So, the hot bath – do you have –

G: There’s two places in his book where he – like, it’s in his book.
Yeah.

A: Yeah, look under Health Modalities – under Baths – it talks about it
there. But, the best thing is to get a hot tub because there’s no varying
temperature – there’s no up and down – and that really works much faster.

G: You can’t get that unless you have it – you have to have it some place
to build it.

A: Yes, you do. If you have an apartment – not possible.

G: So, in terms of what Jan just said: she had some recovery and then she
stopped eating fish and she said she lost some of her apparent recovery. And why
would she lose the recovery?

A: She blocked the same centers that she damaged when she was blocked. Not that
she’s lost the recovery – it’s blocked again.

G: The recovery is blocked in the body?

A: Yeah, the transmission of synapse, and axons and ganglia are blocked again
by the plastic fats.

G: Okay.

A: So, even though she’s recovered –

G: I haven’t been eating the plastic fats. I’ve been eating the raw diet.

A: They’re in your body and they’re going to be transformed and transported
and moved all the time.

G: Oh, okay.

G: And does fish help unblock the plastic fats?

A: No, it does not – it helps build neurons and nerves, but it does not help
clean it. Vinegar will; pineapple will.

G: Whoa, whoa, whoa – those will help unblock them?

A: Those will help unblock. And heat.

G: Oh, okay. Vinegar –

G: Heat – hot baths.

A: Vinegar, pineapple and heat. Tomatoes will also help to clear the brain.

G: Oh.

A: Do you have a question?

G: Yes, yes. On that thought: tomatoes help clear the brain. Let’s see: I
have a lot of heavy metals in my brain and over the past years I’ve lost a lot
of memory ability from memory and concentration. And while I like it a lot for
my artistic sense – because my cognitive brain isn’t interfering with my
creativity – I kind of enjoy that. However, I need my cognitive centers in my
ability to concentrate and memory.

So, I’ve been doing the Formula with the berries, and the coconut cream and
whey and milk, and honey, etc. that you recommended last time. I’ve been doing
that – alternating it with the cheese.

Can you comment further?

A: Well, the cheese – you just need to – if you want to remove that – she
was a laboratory technician and that had tons of mercury and formaldehyde –

G: No, scientist. Scientist.

A: Scientist, sorry.

G: Thank you.

A: Scientist, I’m sorry.

G: Okay.

A: I degraded her. Demotion. And she got a lot of mercury and formaldehyde in
her system – inhaling it in through her skin, everything. She’s full of
metals – she could be the female terminator. Now, that takes a while to get
rid of them: it takes 50 to 200 fat molecules to get rid of one molecule of
mercury, safely. So, it’s going to be a long haul. But, if that part of your
brain is stuck – it’s not really dead because I didn’t see a lot of death
in the brain. Yours is clogged too with the trans-fatty acids. You just have to
clear that the same way. Cognitive factors – that’s the right side, so you
put it on the right side of your head.

G: Alright. So: vinegar, pineapple, heat, tomatoes?

A: Yeah.

G: The hot baths and the Metal Detox Formula that you recommended?

A: Right, and cheese.

G: And cheese? Okay, thanks.

A: You’re welcome.

G: Is the Metal Detector Formula – is that the Vaccine Formula?

A: No, no. It’s berries and coconut cream and dairy. And vinegar – if you
add vinegar to it, it absorbs faster. But, the problem with the vinegar and the
berries and coconut cream and all that – it tastes so good people start
chugging it. And then sometimes they get stomach aches because they drink it too
fast. So, that’s why I don’t tell a lot of people vinegar. So, if you have
control, add vinegar; if you don’t have control, don’t have the vinegar.
Okay? You should only have a tsp. of vinegar.

G: Last question: cream for the brain – should I be eating more cream? Should
I emphasize the cream in my diet?

A: If you want to rebuild it. If it’s clogged you’ve got to unclog it.

G: Okay.

A: I think your brain is good.

G: Okay.

A: I don’t think you’re having the problem there. You’re having the
blocks.

G: Okay.

A: Your ganglia and axons are getting full of these plastic bottles of crystals
and then the synapse can’t fire. So, hot water bottle on the right side. If
you want, you can put one up here and one up here. Then put a towel over it so
you can breathe – leave your nose and mouth out, unless you get a snorkel. Was
anybody here at the last potluck – we had Jon and Jill from Nevada City? You
know how they get in their hot tubs?

G: Oh, the snorkel.

G: Snorkel.

A: Put a snorkel. Can you imagine – all these years I’ve never thought of
that. I could get my whole head under my hot tub all those years and have the
snorkel.

G: But, it’s a rubber mouth piece – right?

A: Well, as long as they’re cured – that’s okay. Rubber’s okay. If
it’s plastic – and the heat – could be a problem. But, rubber’s okay.

G: Wow, that’s cool.

A: Yeah, it is. I never thought about that.

A: Everything’s under – they’ve got the snorkel.

G: Wow.

G: They would do that in the bath tub?

A: Yeah.

G: Well, where do they get the snorkel?

G: Sporting goods store.

G: And how long do they stay in the entire session, under the –

A: I didn’t ask that.

G: I wonder how long they can be under like that?

G: The conversations are very interesting.

A: Well, in my hot tub – it was a Greek tub – big tub – 10 feet in
diameter – and then I had an area to sit on here and then the open pit to
here. So, I would have my feet sat over this side and my head on this side and
my body wouldn’t be touching anything in between. And I would sleep that way.
But, my head was always this much under water. The thing with the snorkel you
could get your whole body under water. And just fill the hot tub with a little
bit more. It would have been great.

Do you have a question?

G: Yeah, if you eat something that’s not organic – if you eat lots of fat
with it – lots of butter or cream – will that absorb –

A: Some of it.

G: Not all of it?

A: Not all of it. Now, there were some laboratory tests that came in about
three months ago that showed that organic food had five times more pesticides
and garbage on it than non-organic food.

G: How could that be?

A: That means that people are – like the Bush’s – like who bought and own the
Whole Foods Trust and the Bush family from Texas – they are propagandizing; they
are poisoning you purposely. They’re going out finding the worst foods, saying
they are organic to destroy those people who have intelligent minds. Remember,
when Bush was involved: Nicaragua, El Salvador and in Cambodia – what did they
do? They went around and killed all the professor - anybody who had intelligence
who could think. They got rid of the thinking class. Now, if you go in to
Cambodia you’ve got a bunch of cowboys who don’t have wisdom – there’s not many
old people there who knew anything. And it’s a really weird country. You’ve got
kids with no sense of wisdom running a country.

G: Hmm.

A: Anything the American Government wants – the CIA – they’ll do anything
that they want, which means in corporate hands. So, they’re dumbing you down.
You people who know about organic – they’re dumbing you down. So, I don’t
trust any organic food from Whole Foods. Only thing that I will ever buy from
Whole Foods is Gerolsteiner or San Pelegrino water, or their all-grass-fed beef.
Because when I taste it, it is all-grass-fed; you can’t have anything that
tastes likes venison except for all-grass-fed beef.

G: The cucumbers are okay because it’s not waxed. I bought the cucumber
there.

A: Like I said: I don’t trust anything from them. I would go to Erewhon
first; I would go to Santa Monica Co-Op; I would go to Rainbow Acres. I stay
away from Whole Foods.

G: What about Sprouts?

A: Sprouts?

G: Yeah.

A: They’re usually grown in whatever city’s water’s used – they’re
not grown in pure water. So, you’ve got fluoride, you’ve got – if
they’re grown in LA they’re using 192 chemicals in our water.

G: He means the store Sprouts.

G: There’s a store chain called Sprouts.

G: See, there’s a chain of stores, similar to Whole Foods, called Sprouts.

A: Oh, those are okay. When they get bought up by Whole Foods then they won’t
be any good.

G: But, they’re not okay.

A: I know – so, they’re okay.

G: So, now that their produce in Whole Foods – I shouldn’t go –

A: I don’t trust anything from Whole Foods. I won’t shop at a Whole Foods,
except for that meat and that water.

G: Are you okay with the New Zealand lamb if it’s in the original package?

A: Well, I called into New Zealand about the lamb and it’s okay.

G: Good.

G: What about the Icelandic lamb?

A: Pardon?

G: Icelandic’s – they actually have lamb in Iceland.

A: Really? I haven’t called about that, so – I would check everything –
absolutely everything.

And then their whole natural beef? They feed it 25% donuts – bakery waste.
When they first came out – when I talked with their offices in Texas – I got
to the man who handles that – you know they don’t grow all that – they
contract with ranchers, just like I contract with farmers to get our milk. So, a
Whole Foods contracts with ranchers to provide certain kinds of meats grown and
provided for in the way that they want it done. And to cut costs, they buy this
very inexpensive bakery waste, which are donuts. And they were feeding it - at
that time when they first opened, 15% bakery waste – now it’s 25% bakery
waste. And I said: “Wait a minute, cows don’t eat donuts – fry them in
trans-fatty acids.” “Oh, but they eat the grains.”

G: Should I throw away the cucumbers then I bought from them?

A: That’s up to you.

G: How about Trader Joe’s? I have some organic Trader Joe’s.

A: Trader Joe’s – that’s a tough one too – that’s a very tough one.
They cut a lot of corners to get the foods. And they lie – I’ve caught them
lying quite a few times. So, you can’t really tell whether they’re true or
not.

G: So, basically we don’t know what to eat?

A: Well, that’s why I say: you’ve got to know your farmer – we’ve got
to make more contracts with more farmers. That’s why I’ve put all these
farmers together. That’s why I’m spending thousands and thousands of dollars
fighting the government for farmers.

G: Farmers? Is this the Farmers Market [in Los Angeles] – is this what
we’re talking about?

A: No, those guys are garbage.

G: Any Amish in California? Amish farmers?

A: Too expensive – land is too expensive here. They’d go broke. There are a
lot in Kansas – Kansas is the next place I’m going to, to recruit.

G: For bringing our produce in?

A: Everything. Like I said: we don’t eat much produce, so I don’t worry
about that.

G: I mean for celery, or lettuce.

A: Well, like I say: go to these other ones – you go to Erewhon.

G: Erewhon, yeah.

A: I know the people – I’ve known the people at Erewhon for 32 years.

G: There’s new owners there now.

A: Yeah, they’ve sold it. But Teddy’s still there and Alan’s still there.

G: Oh, okay.

A: And I’ve known them for 32 years.

G: Hey, Aajonus – you said that the fat will absorb some. Now some – do you
mean ¼, ½, ¾?

A: Depends on how much concentrated the poisons are. You’ve got five times
the pesticides that’s normal that are in commercial. In your organic you could
even eat probably five tbsp. butter with a ½ pint of berries and not clear it
all. You have cheese with it you’re likely to clear it all.

G: Oh, really? Oh.

A: Cheese and butter; cheese and cream.

G: So, that would be good for an emergency? Let’s say you couldn’t get
grass-fed and you had to shop at Ralphs’. So, you could have cheese and butter
with that meat?

A: Yeah, but you have to understand that those toxins that cause mutant genes
in that meat... So, not the best thing in the world. Like I say: you need to cut
meat up and store it. Louis has started to make a storage of meats. What you do
is cut them up. I dry them for 30 minutes on each side. That’s four sides in
the sun – 30 minutes on each side just to seal the blood in. And then I coat
it with olive oil, and then stick it in a quart jar or a ½ gallon jar, with
maybe a cup-cup ½ olive oil. I stuff the meat down in there tightly and then of
course the olive oil will go up to a certain point, then I’m going to stuff
more meat in, I’ll put more olive oil. So, I’ve got this much olive oil
covering the top of the meat and then still this much air-space – about ½
inch to ¾ of an inch because it’s going to out-gas a little bit. And when you
see the top bending, bowing you let that gas out and put it back on. And usually
you’ll only have to do that two times.

I kept meat that way for 10 years. And I had 10 of them that I made. And each
year I took out – it was for the Y2K. I was a programmer so I knew the Y2K was
just a money scam. Crashing computers – no, it would just make a lot of your
figures bad as it changes dates. But, it’s not going to destroy anything –
it’s not going to create a bad catastrophe. So, these programmers made
billions of dollars putting – what was the guy that ran from Texas? Perot?

G: Perot.

A: Perot. Yeah, he made billions off of that because he had programming
systems. “Oh, we’ll save you.” So, he charges 10 times more than normal
because we got a disaster coming. So, they made a bunch.

Anyway, I made these jars and took out one a year later to see how it tastes
and they were wonderful.

G: You stored them where?

A: I stored them in low a cupboard – non-refrigeration.

G: What temperature?

A: The room: I didn’t use heat and I was in Malibu mountains near the top, so
at the warmest it probably got was 98 degrees in the day-time and the coldest it
got was probably 30 degrees, 35, 36.

G: It was just red meat, or all kinds of meat?

A: It was just red meat. It was all venison – it was a deer.

G: I find that when I pate the meat and I really stuff it in those Ball jars
with no air in it, it just stays – but, I am putting it in the refrigerator
– it’s staying pink.

A: Yeah.

G: Is that something similar to what you’re describing?

A: No, that’s an entirely different way of keeping it, but you still have to
keep it refrigerated.

G: Okay.

A: I do keep mine like that when I pate it – I keep it refrigerated. But,
when you’re storing a lot more for emergency purposes you’re not going to
have a refrigerator when the electricity goes out. So, you need something
that’s going to store meat without refrigeration.

G: Can you pate it and then just cover that with a thin layer of olive oil?

A: No, no, we’re not putting it in the refrigerator. We’re making my pate
for the week.

G: No, I’m just saying that as an alternative to the one you said. I’m
saying, could you also pate it –

A: I don’t know –

G: And then try it.

A: You’d have to try it –.

G: Okay.

A: And see. I haven’t tried it.

G: What do you coat it with? What do you have – one of those brushes?

A: Yeah, a basting brush.

G: Oh. What is it made of? Not nylon?

A: Well, they have some that are made out of boars bristle. I don’t know if
you can still get them. I had one that was made out of that. You can get more
bristles: you can get those vegetable scrubs and just rub it all around.

G: How long will you let it sit out in the sun?

A: 30 minutes on each side. So, you’ve got four sides – that’s two hours.
So, you have to flip them every 30 minutes.

G: It’s not as aggressive – you’re talking about? It’s a white bristle
you’re washing your meat with?

A: What do you mean?

G: It’s like a vegetable brush you’re talking about.

A: Well, I was giving two alternatives: I was talking about vegetable brush or
the brush. You could also go in to a paint store – an artist’s paint store
– and find a natural bristle larger brush. Very expensive – may cost you 30,
50 dollars – but then you know it’s natural. And you keep that for –

G: Oh, yeah.

A: Olive oil won’t break it down. I’ve had brushes that are 36-years-old
that are fine paint brushes when I used to paint and they’re still good. You
know, I always clean mine with olive oil.

G: Do you know where an artist’s shop is around?

A: There’s Michaels in Santa Monica.

G: Oh, Michaels – okay.

A: Do you have a question?

G: Yeah, I’ve been experiencing more than normal for me diarrhea, nausea,
bloating. Just lack of appetite, and for me that’s not normal.

A: Intestinal detox. Cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese – absorb all that
stuff. Remember, when you have gas and you have swelling like that, that means
your poisons are mixing with your digestive juices. Cheese will absorb those –

G: With honey?

A: So they don’t mix.

G: Without honey?

A: No. Remember, when you’re detoxing cheese is not to be digested; it’s to
absorb the poisons and move out. So, if you’re using raw no-salt raw cheese
you won’t digest it – there’s no enzymes in it. But, the body will use it
to absorb those toxins and move out the bowels. If you eat honey with it
that’s to digest the cheese. You don’t want to digest your poisons –
re-digest your poisons. So, when I tell you to have cheese for detoxification
it’s without fruit or honey.

G: With that volume of cheese that you’ve been talking about for a couple of
hours here – I’ve tried eating cheese with butter, and it doesn’t seem to
do anything – cheese just creates a kind of –

A: Jim, you were one of the most fat-deficient persons I’ve ever met. It’s
going to take you another 10 years to catch up on getting the fats that – the
butter in your system – the fats that you need.

G: So, just more butter – more butter with cheese?

A: More butter – more butter you need in your diet. Yeah.

G: Okay.

A: And you may need honey and butter together to digest it all. It depends on
how well your liver’s working – producing enough bile. Bile is produced by
the liver – that’s the only thing the liver is supposed to do. Bile
fractionates fat globules – spreads it out so the bacteria can infiltrate it.
Without the bile, fat molecules cluster into balls.

G: As far as cheese: you mentioned to me 30 minutes after a meat meal to eat a
couple tbsp. cheese with some honey. That seemed to be an exception to –

A: No, let’s go over this again: after you have the meat meal, 20 minutes
after that you have a little piece of cheese – maybe one or two cubes, to
absorb the poisons. 10 minutes after that you have the cheese and honey.

G: Oh, ah.

A: Just remember, I always say: 10 minutes before you eat anything you eat a
piece of cheese, so you’re not getting the poisons into your food – it’ll
be absorbed into that cheese first. And that includes the cheese with the honey.
You have the cheese 10 minutes before that – plain cheese – or cheese with
butter 10 minutes before you have the honey and cheese. Okay?

G: Okay.

A: Question, Michael?

G: I’ve had a rash on my legs for a long time – it’s getting a little bit
worse. I use egg white, butter and bone marrow. The egg whites treat it
(Inaudible), the butter and the bone marrows for the itching that it causes. It
lets me sleep at sleep, but it’s been two years now.

A: You just have to remember that you’ve got toxins coming out that skin
constantly – either from your joints or form the bone itself – discharging
out of that place.

Now, I will experiment with some of my advanced cancer patients when they come
to me. So, I had this one woman who had the same thing like that, but around her
breast. It was half-gone. Now, I saw it yesterday and it was starting to grow
back and the actual breast – first time I’ve seen a breast starting to grow
back that was already collapsing from the body breaking down the cancers in
there and dissolving it. So, I told her I’m used to people losing a breast
naturally – so, they don’t lose all their lymphatic glands around them and
it keeps them from having lung cancer. But, her breast actually started growing
back. But, what started it was: I told her to start packing it with cheese.

G: Huh.

A: Taking a little cheese and milk and mashing it, getting it into a paste and
put the cheese over it. Stopped all of the bleeding, stopped all that – the
deterioration and started a healing effect. So, that doesn’t mean that she
doesn’t have trouble later because she still has to get rid of the dead cells
that make up the tumor. She still has some hardened tumor over here. All the
tumor up here is all gone – it’s just soft and breast again. Now, there’s
just a little bit down here. So, she stopped it from secreting. Now, it may go
inside her or grow down this way – the cancer movement. And I warned her that
that might happen. But, she just panicked.

So, this was just a quick fix so she wouldn’t run to the doctor and have her
whole breast cut off and all her lymph glands and all of that. She was on the
diet about six years.

G: Hmm.

A: And that breast and the tumor should have been absolute gargantuan,
according to the medical profession, but each year it’s been getting softer
and smaller. So, she’s been (Inaudible). But, when it’s been leaking and
bleeding a lot – and that’s a sign that the cancer cells are actually dying
– they contain like a solvent product that dissolves the dead cells – you
only have one cancer cell around 50 to 200 dead cells – it’s isolated. But,
you do have blood and lymph and neurological circulation in a malignant tumor.
Not in a benign tumor – no circulation in a benign tumor. It’s a dead
substance – you’re not going to eliminate it easily. But, when you have all
the circulations into it you can dissolve a tumor – you can restore the body
to a working, functional, living system again. When you have a benign tumor and
stop living the whole area is completely dead. So, when that cancer cells begins
dying and sending out that solvent to dissolve all those dead cells the serum
has got to go somewhere. You don’t want it to go inside – you want it to
come out, through of the skin. And it’s going to damage skin – it’s going
to buckle it, it’s going to cause it to be sore and other things – but, you
will discharge it that way. But, I was very happy with the process. But, I let
her know that, that was a quick fix. If it seeps again, enjoy the seep –
that’s the cancer cells dissolving all those dead cells that make up 90% of
the tumor.

G: There are people that just leave it alone.

A: Hold on. He raised his hand first – go ahead.

G: Oh, I used to have lower back pain on the left side and it was from
straining the back and then it would go away, or I would have it adjusted and it
would be fine. About two months ago I got it on the right side lower back and
almost immediately started to get numbness, only down the back of my leg.

A: Sciatica.

G: Yeah.

A: Hot water bottle.

G: Okay, hot water bottle to this area. Now, the back irritation is gone but
I’ve gotten severe nerve (Inaudible) when I stand up and so forth right now.

A: Then you’ve got a block – you have trans-fatty acids or mineral blocking
that system.

G: Okay, so the hot water –

A: Vinegar and pineapple and beet –

G: Would the hot baths help?

A: Well, does it feel deep or surface?

G: Umm, no – more deep.

A: Then, it’s got to be internal.

G: Okay.

A: Let’s keep on the subject that we were talking about.

G: How do you know that Mike doesn’t have shingles?

A: Well, shingles is always toxins leaving through the skin – drying out the
skin.

G: Couldn’t that be what’s happening with him?

A: Yeah, that’s what I said.

G: Oh, I see. Well, let me tell you with shingles: I had a patch – just
almost a square patch – itching. And I went in the book and I looked, and I
found shingles and I had a banana and honey – just like you said. And poof –
the thing went away. Just amazing.

G: You mean you ate a banana or rubbed it?

G: I ate a banana – I mean I loaded it with honey and it was like – a great
aid.

G: What a great cure.

G: Yeah.

A: Yeah, well what that did was that created a mucosal coating on the cells to
protect them as the toxins came through. If people do it too often it’ll send
the poisons somewhere else. So, you’ll find you get shingles somewhere else or
dry skin somewhere else.

G: Well, I did have one other one, so I had another banana and more honey and
that one went away. And that was it.

A: Yeah, so, it balances out – detox it.

G: I can definitely (Inaudible) the honey liberally now.

A: There’s a bag right down there next to you – can you hand it to me? That
one – yeah, that one.

G: I was just going to ask you something about what the cancer – that if
people just leave it alone won’t it just go away? And it just won’t bother
you, but it’s the medical tradition that’s been effecting the cancer.

G: It doesn’t go away.

A: According Hardin B. Jones 76% of the cancer that he observed went away on
its own.

G: See.

A: But, the other 24% didn’t. That was in the 50’s and the 60’s.

G: Yeah.

A: Straight from the cow – unrefrigerated.

G: Where did you get it? Did you get it when you were in Cincinnati?

A: No, I’ve got a guy. In his retirement he became a farmer – that’s now
retirement. So, I got it right from him – his cow. In Ohio.

G: Ohio, oh.

G: Wow.

G: It’s a lot of fat in that one – you can see it.

A: Yeah.

G: It’s creamy.

A: Yeah.

G: He has Jersey cows?

A: Yeah, all Jersey.

G: I have a question.

A: Yeah, a question here – she hasn’t had a question.

Oh, and these two haven’t – yeah.

G: Teeth – I had a tooth pulled here because it was cracked and I didn’t
want a root canal. It was just a few weeks ago. Still, I get a tiny bit of pink
saliva in the morning. Is that okay?

A: Well, you probably have a little bit of old chip in there.

G: What was the question, excuse me?

G: Oh, okay.

A: Teeth – oh, she said she had a tooth pulled because it cracked and she
didn’t want a root canal to put a crown on it. So, she had a –

G: It had an abscess.

A: Well, abscess is just a nerve playing out around the tooth – not the tooth
itself.

Anyway, and she said she keeps having in the morning a little bit of pink
seepage, which means she has some little splinter of bone of tooth still in
there. I had the same thing last year – I had a tooth that came loose back
here and I had a root canal done on it – probably 1978. And of course the Navy
Dentist wanted to pull any teeth that’s got a root canal. Root canals are not
bad – it’s the poisons that go in. Especially the injections that they give
– xylocaine and novocaine. They create a tremendous amount of tongue and jaw
cancer, facial cancer, eye cancer, brain cancer. So, they will now hook you into
this crap, believing that root canals are not good. When a root canal is done
there’s no nerve ending, so your body is not going to be dumping any toxins
into that tooth. So, the whole idea that you’re going to have a toxic tooth
because you have a root canal is absurd. You may get an abscess around it, but
that’s the nerve from the brain going down to the tooth base still cleaning.
Only it’s not cleaning through the tooth anymore, it’s cleaning out the gum
and around the gum – so you get abscesses.

Anyway, I got an abscess because this tooth was ready to be removed. It was in
my way because I was constantly chewing – getting all in there and it hurt.
So, I just took some dental floss and rapped it around it – yanked it out.
That took care of it.

G: Do it yourself.

A: But, I had a bone fragment that came – passed out in the next six months
and I could feel it poking and my body just worked its way out to the point
where I could popped it out. And it was a good – probably – three 36th of an
inch long and about a 37th of an inch thick.

G: You could have a bone graft done – that’s not good?

A: No, it isn’t good – you have to trust your body to rebuild your own
bone.

G: Oh.

A: Like my bone when I pulled out that tooth – because I’d just tapped that
in there – I wasn’t going to pull it until I had to – the bone was gone
way down. Now it’s grown all the way up again.

G: So, should I have him remove it – or leave it?

A: Your body may have a chip that it’s trying to throw out.

G: Okay, I got it.

So, is there anything I should have him do – or just leave it?

A: Just let it go because they’ll just shoot you with more novocaine.

G: Yeah.

A: Not good.

G: Then I have a tooth here that is dead, so now it has the (Inaudible).

A: Okay, that’s not the tooth – that’s the nerve leaking.

G: He said it’s eating away my bone and my sinus is a mess.

A: It will eat away the bone because it needs calcium, but you can grow it
back.

G: So, just leave this tooth?

A: Leave it – absolutely.

G: Okay.

A: I’ve got four dead teeth in my mouth and I’m not removing them until my
body says: “You’re coming out.”

G: So, should we try this at home?

A: Yeah, certainly.

G: You’ll get calls in the middle of the night.

G: I’ve found even those pliers useful at least for small teeth.

G: The Three Stooges have a documentary about this…

G: Can I ask a question about this tooth? So, this is a veneer.

A: Uh-huh.

G: And I really want it to stay. He’s a biological dentist – he says
there’s a root canal that almost never gets infected because it’s made from
something called MTA – it really cleans it. And this is what he wants to do
– to take this infection off - because he says I’m not going to feel it
going up here. It’s like my whole head is sometimes –

A: But, that’s your nerve detoxing – it’s not the tooth.

G: The infection that’s going in my sinus?

A: Yeah, that’s from the brain because you’ve got mercury or something in
that nerve going down to the tooth.

G: Right.

A: The nerve’s detoxing – you’re not backing up the tooth this way. If a
tooth detoxes it’s going to come out the gum.

G: It’s been this way for eight years.

A: Yeah.

G: So, just keep the tooth and not worry about – there’s a lot of stuff
that goes on in here – like here, down here –

A: But, that’s all your nerves cleaning out the toxicity from the brain.

G: So, just keep the tooth – right? I could’ve kept this one too.

A: Yeah, absolutely.

G: Novocaine.

A: Novocaine is terrible stuff.

G: I’ll ask a second question.

A: Well, these two have two and then we’re going to be finished.

G: Oh, okay.

A: You’ll have to call me on any other questions.

Go ahead.

G: Four years I’ve been eating this kind of food. I ride my bike for almost
five years – almost every day. I don’t use a car to work. I go everywhere
– Pasadena – any place. But, I want to gain weight, but they say: “Oh,
because you’re used to your bicycle.”

A: No, like I told him: you have to eat two pounds of meat a day – one pound
at a time – with the lubrication formula. A whole lubrication formula,
that’s on page 146 of the Recipe Book. You make two of those a day. You have
to eat one of those with each meal and you will gain the weight. Everybody has
– all my skinny little people like you become big and strong like him.

G: Now, it depends on the height of the person.

A: One pound twice daily – so, two pounds a day.

G: Two pounds a day.

G: Two pounds a day?

A: Yeah. It’ll take you – it depends on how much you work out and how
quickly you will build the muscle. But, I’ve seen it happen in five months.
Like I said: Lucky put four inches on his arms and six inches on his chest in
five months.

G: Wow.

G: And do you eat it with the meat or after? You wait a little while?

A: Well, you eat a 1/3 of it with the meat and then the rest 10 minutes after.
You eat a 1/3 of the Lubrication Formula with the meat and then 2/3’s of it
about 10 minutes after you finish the meat meal.

G: Can I ask another question?

My friend called me last night. He paralyzed his face.

A: Stroke.

G: The eyes are like that and the mouth like that.

A: Well, I say in the book. But, also she needs vinegar. It is also helpful to
clean the system out because if you have a stroke you either have a bleeding of
the brain, so the brain doesn’t get nutrients and it fills up and swells in
the brain – that usually causes death. So, if she isn’t dead then what she
had was a block in her brain. And depending what the block was - was it mineral
block-up or trans-fatty acids - either way, vinegar will help remove that.

G: And bottles of water?

A: Oh, hot water bottle – absolutely. Always hot water bottles on an injury
and pain.

G: Thank you.

A: Okay.

G: Yeah, so I’ve been doing the diet for about seven years and the raw meat
I’ve apparently not doing right – I know now I should pate – I’m going
to do that. But, I’ve always added honey to it – it sounds really that’s
not necessary? You don’t like adding honey to the meat.

A: Well, it just adds enzymes from breaking it down. If you pate it, you
don’t need the honey with it.

G: Oh, okay.

A: And it’s better. Honey has a tendency to add certain bacteria.

G: Okay. And then can I get that sauce one more time that you gave? It’s so
good because I’m getting so tired of the meat. And I love the sauce.

A: Well, I have 82 sauces in the Recipe Book.

G: The one that you said is so good. Can you give it one more time?

A: It’s two and a ½ cups tomato; I put two to three eggs, depending on the
size of the eggs; two cloves of garlic; one slice of onion that’s about an
1/8th or three thirty-seconds of an inch thick; one – those packages of dill
– at least one –

G: Solid box.

A: Yeah.

G: A little plastic box.

A: Yeah.

And not the stalks, but the stems and the tentacles. And one and a ½ tbsp.
vinegar. You can have up to two. Like anybody that’s had a stroke or anything
like that, probably two would be better. Or any kind of clogs or blockages in
blood-flow or whatever – varicose veins – spider veins. And put about two
tbsp. of butter – a heaping heaping tbsp. of butter. So, it would be three
tbsp. of butter. And cheese if you like.

G: You said honey too before?

A: Yeah, two tbsp. of honey.

G: And that’s put in the quart jar and then blended with the Osterizer
blender?

A: Yeah, and I do that for a full 50 seconds to a minute – a full 60 seconds.

G: How long did you make it last for?

A: I’ve had it last for months.

G: Without refrigeration?

A: Well, both with and without. I made a big batch – I took off to
Philippines and left some in the refrigeration, took some with me, ate it
without refrigeration when I went to this last 10-day trip to Chicago and
Cincinnati. I couldn’t refrigerate it at all – I left it out the whole time.

G: But, you said the eggs go bad in 24 hours.

A: Not in this. It’s such a little part – you’ve got the vinegar and
honey to stop them from advancing.

G: Wow.

G: But, you just eat the meat and leave it in the sauce?

A: No, I pate my meat and spread that on the top.

G: Oh, you just spread it on the top?

A: And I put my butter on the side and I take a little butter with a big chunk
of meat.

G: Well, how much butter?

A: I said two to three tbsp.

G: I’m sorry, the cheese with honey.

A: Two tbsp. of honey –

G: Yes.

A: Whatever cheese you want.

G: How much cheese?

A: Whatever.

G: It’s optional.

A: Use inch-cube; two-inch cube – it depends on what consistency you like.
And if you want a really tart sauce then don’t put so much cheese in it.

G: And if you don’t fill it all the way to the top then I’ve left something
out, right? Or, I’m not adding enough of something because it should fill all
the way to the top.

A: No, it doesn’t have to.

G: Oh, it doesn’t?

A: Depending on the size of tomatoes and stuff; depending on the size of the
eggs. Mine was probably three or four oz below the quart level.

G: You don’t worry about oxygenation with that?

A: No, because I use hard whey and it sits there in the refrigeration for
months.

G: And you’ve blended it too.

A: It seems to last great.

G: I’ve aired it, so I don’t have to worry about that.

A: What time is it folks?

G: Oh, it’s time – it’s 5:35.

===

QA_LA_2012_10_14
