?
title=Q&A Of March 26, 2013

# Q&A Of March 26, 2013

@[Source](https://www.primaldiet.net/aajonus-qa-2013-03-26/)

Q: I have some unfortunate dental news: a couple of cavities. Dentist wants to
use polycrystalline translucent alumina oxide as a filling material.

A: Just get a regular composite. Top-side of molar?

Q: It is a smaller one in 26 and 27. Also wanted to use [inaudible] and I
checked that on the Clifford testing that they use and it’s counter-indicated.
It’s an aluminum type ceramic that they wanted to use.

A: He actually wants to use a ceramic filling? Because anytime they use a
ceramic, they remove twice as much tooth and they snap it in and it caused
cracking of teeth in many situations. I used to recommend porcelain and ceramic
but too many people had teeth crack and extended pain because of the pressure on
the tooth. I stopped recommending it. You can’t put hard substance in there;
have to put soft substance that will harden. Just use the composite, hard
plastic. Some of it’s high in aluminum but it’s solid in the plastic and
they use a light to solidify it.

Q: They use a high-tech water laser drilling technique.

A: Well they have what they call glass but it is sand and water. They have
laser and water, sand and water, and the regular drill bit with water jet. It
doesn’t matter. You’ll have no pain, as long as there’s a water jet.

Q: So … aluminum in plastic?

A: It depends on the manufacturer. Some used to use tin but it’s highly
poisonous so they went to aluminum because it’s lighter and as strong but not
poisonous.

Q: Does it go into the body?

A: Not enough to ever detect a trace. It would take a year or two, if you
collected the amount of toxins released from a composite filling to detect a
trace. Not enough to do any damage whatsoever. It has no BPAs, no phthalates.

Q: What about a 10- or 20-year period?

A: It is still a minor amount. You get rid of it every day.

Q: My dentist wanted to use Dycal over the nerve [Transcriber’s note: Calcium
Hydroxide, a pulp-capping protective liner under filling material].

A: I use Bio-calyx, a type of calcium that’s pretty non-toxic
[Transcriber’s note: Calcium Hydroxide with a setting agent marketed as a
safer alternate filling material to gutta percha in root canals]. I use Dr.
Tomas Britton at Britton Dental in Tijuana [Transcriber’s note:
www.brittondental.com]. He’s a third generation dentist whom I converted into
a pretty holistic one. He handles a lot of my patients who fly in from
everywhere. He’s a good-looking big bear of a man and so gentle.

Q: Is there anything you use for pain relief while having work done?

A: You don’t really need anything. If you want to, you could take some ice
and put it on there. That’s about the best thing to numb it. Because he has
the water-jet, the drill bit doesn’t get hot. When I had all my amalgams
removed, - I had 16 teeth that had amalgams – I had him remove eight one day
and eight the next. It was four hours of drilling each day and there was no
water jet in those days. That bit would get real hot and burn the nerve and
I’d have to tap his elbow to get him to stop and let it cool a bit. I didn’t
use any novocaine or anything and it was pretty traumatic. However, if you
don’t use an anesthetic, the pain is gone in six or seven hours, 12 hours
maximum. Novocaine, lidocaine or any other anesthetic causes swelling for months
in that tooth and surrounding area.

Q: Is there a direct correlation between lidocaine and breast cancer.

A: And, also heart attacks from dental anesthetics. More people when they’re
[clattering dishes – can’t hear] get heart attacks from dental work. It
takes about six years to get rid of one injection because it’s injected into
the bone and hardened tissue. And these anesthetics are responsible for almost
all mouth cancers.

Q: Demerol?

A: Well, that’s conducive to brain, pancreatic and other cancers.

Q: How do you handle the pain?

A: That’s why I like this dentist. He’s gentle. He’s slow. I took Jeff
Slay to him a couple months ago with cavities between two of his molars and the
dentist had to drill down to the nerve. It even bled, but Jeff didn’t feel a
thing. He nicked the nerve but Jeff said he barely felt it because the water-jet
is cool. It cools the nerve and keeps the area contracted. When it expands and
swells is when you have pain.

Q: Plastic crowns?

A: No, I would use porcelain on a crown not plastic. Porcelain fused to gold
for a crown; plastic in a filling. If it’s all porcelain, they’ll want to
take a lot of your tooth away. Porcelain is not strong. I use porcelain fused to
gold. Gold doesn’t deteriorate as easily and don’t have to remove as much
tooth. The gold is completely covered by porcelain. There’s no tin. I use
gold, aluminum, and some type of stainless steel. There’s enough porcelain
over the metal not to be toxic. When I had those amalgams removed, I had to have
five caps because there was so much tooth gone. When they popped out, I took
beeswax, pressed a thin layer of beeswax on to the interiors of each cap with
the bowl of a spoon, put them in, and bit down on each one of them. When I went
back to have them removed, the dentist couldn’t remove them. The ones with
glue popped right off but the ones I put on with beeswax he couldn’t get off.
He worked for one hour just getting the first one I put on off.

Q: Why didn’t you just leave them on?

A: It was 20-25 years old so all the porcelain had chipped off the metal on the
crown. I could taste the metal and didn’t want that contamination in my mouth
24 hours a day. I had a vagotomy at twenty years old and the acids that used to
be in my stomach backed up into my mouth and started eating away at the teeth.
The vagus nerves are attached to the stomach and put hydrochloric acid into the
stomach. They did stomach surgery when I was 20 and severed them all. It was not
good for the teeth.

Q: What do you do?

A: I rinse my mouth with milk after eating and stuff like that to make sure
acids don’t build up too much. I’ve lost six teeth from when I was kidnapped
and injected three years ago. The toxins from the three injections of vaccine
went into my nerves and killed the ones to my teeth. They were sound teeth, too.
My skin went gray.

Q: Kidnapped?

A: Yes. I was speaking out against the Swine Flu Hoax so they caught me in a
hotel room and injected me to say, “See, he died of Swine Flu.” But I
happened to wake up when they were injecting me so I knew what to do the next
morning. I still have tremendous pain in this arm all the way up to here on some
days and it’s been eight months.

Q: I should think as strong as you were, you would have been able to withstand
the injections.

A: Three? I should be dead. I only survived because I went out and found a
stingray that was two and a half days old. Its high ammonia was able to bind
with the mercury and other substances so it didn’t go into my red blood cells,
destroy them, and kill me. So, as soon as I awoke the next morning, I realized
it wasn’t a nightmare. I had three little bubbles with serum coming out. I
ached in every joint and as soon as I sat up, I started vomiting and had
diarrhea. I called down to the hotel desk and asked for a driver ASAP. I ate
some cheese, ate some butter and vomited it up. The driver came in about 30
minutes and I said I needed to get to a wharf and get shark or stingray
immediately. My driver had to help me walk. I fell down three times just getting
to the van. I passed out in the van multiple times. We found a baby stingray
dead two and half days that they were getting read to pitch. I ate it, vomited,
then finally got some to stay down and digest. As soon as the ammonia started
binding, chelating with those poisons in my blood, I was able to breathe again
and stopped passing out. This went on for almost two days. I ate the stinkiest
parts.

Q: Could you have used urine?

A: It wasn’t ammoniated enough and my urine would have been highly toxic.

Q: Ammonia is the one thing that removes toxicity?

A: It doesn’t remove it; it binds with it so it doesn’t get into the cell.

Q: Does anything else work?

A: … not like that. Well, you’ve got amino acids in raw apple cider vinegar
(ACV) that bind with those substances.

Q: Would you recommend that for people that have been forced to take vaccines
like in the military?

A: Absolutely.

Q: How would you take ACV for vaccines?

A: It is probably best with coconut cream and a little milk. For one vaccine,
probably use three tablespoons of vinegar, three tablespoons of coconut cream
and two of dairy cream, three times a day, to protect the nerves… or about two
ounces of milk. If military, would suggest upping to two tablespoons, three
times a day for about nine days. But if you’re going to have that quantity,
you’re going to have to eat about three tablespoons of cheese with two
teaspoons of honey 4-5 times a day to make sure you don’t demineralize.

Q: What about getting rid of dental novocaine?

A: That’s injected deep near the bone structure so it won’t circulate.
That’s why it causes so much mouth cancer. So eat a lot of eggs, have a lot of
heat around the face.

Q: Will coconut cream or oil pulling help?

A: Definitely. You can pull with anything. I pull with cheese and spit it out
after about five minutes. Then, I’ll down an egg or a little cheese and an egg
or two after that. Then, back to cheese-pulling.

Q: So, if you have metal in your mouth from crowns, does it pull metal out?

A: The metal isn’t exposed. It can’t get through the porcelain. There may
be some metal in the porcelain. They’re not allowed to use lead in that. As I
said, trace amounts of aluminum in a year that your body can handle.

Q: What do you take for breathing difficulties, heart palpitations because of
chemtrails? Garlic?

A: I go into detail about chemtrails and what to do in my newsletter…
probably two and half or three years ago. The esters in garlic might chelate
with some of the toxins. The problem is that when the poisons get into the
lungs, they get into the red blood cells and the red blood cells can no longer
transport oxygen to the rest of the cells in the body to generate energy. So,
even though you’re getting oxygen into the lungs, you’re not utilizing it in
the body. Eating something with high ammonia will help that so the chemtrail
toxins don’t get into the red blood cells. Rotten fish or ACV. I talked about
having a tablespoon of raw ACV with coconut cream and dairy cream or milk. I go
into detail what to do in my newsletter… about three years ago.

Q: Do you think chemtrails have anything to do with my kind of fatigue.

A: Yes, a lot to do with it. You’ve got great red blood cells and shouldn’t
have any problem with fatigue unless they’re not delivering the oxygen. If
you’ve got a lot of grayness in your skin, that means you have heavy metals in
your skin and they’re getting in to attach to your red blood cells. You need
to get something in there so they bind with those poisons so they don’t attach
to the red blood cells. When chemtrails are heavy, I don’t go outside without
an Israeli gas mask. Mine was made in Vietnam about ten years ago. I don’t
want that crap getting into my eyes, nose or mouth. I’ve been pulled over by
the border patrol thinking I was a terrorist. A cotton mask isn’t going to do
a lot. You have to wash it often. On airplanes, I use an organic cotton
handkerchief. Could use just piece of organic cotton cloth from a fabric store,
fold and bind the edges so it doesn’t fray. I fold and roll it like this. I
don’t like it covering my whole face. If I’m talking, I cover my mouth
because everyone breathes through their mouth when talking. I breathe through my
nose and out my mouth. Trained myself to do that while asleep, too. With so many
layers, the benzene on the airplane isn’t going to get to me. I force myself
to stay awake until I can take off the seatbelt because I don’t like the
radiation being attracted to the buckle. I fall asleep like a baby and sometimes
I don’t make it to take off the seatbelt.

Q: Are there a lot of chemtrails in the San Diego area?

A: Yeah. There are a lot today; not like you do in Los Angeles.

Q: Oxidizing is only through cooking?

A: You can oxidize through ozonating, cooking food, eating cooked food, smoke,
inhaling chemicals. There are many ways to ruin the oxygen in your body. A lot
of people eat ozonated olive oil and just rob themselves of oxygen.

Q: Even ozone machines in a room?

A: You don’t want to be in the room when there’re on. They can use
ozonating and ionizing machines in a room you're not in.

Q: Is there an update on changes in baths since you wrote the book?

A: Over the years, I’ve found that drinking the pineapple mixture right
before and when you first get in the bath isn’t efficient for a lot of people.
So, if you eat it as your normal fruit meal, it’s going to be in your blood
and digestive tract being bacterially assimilated with the bacteria in the
intestines by the time you get in the bath. So I found that eating the pineapple
mixture for your regular fruit meal and doing the baths at night is better.

Q: What if you take your bath before your fruit meal? Lot’s of times I get up
and after I have my green juice want to take my bath to be done with it.

A: … not such a good idea. Take your fruit meal at a different time of the
day. Five to six hours minimum before bath is better. Eight to nine hours is
good. So, have your fruit meal in the middle of the night.

Q: Has anything else changed since the book?

A: I used to say to do the hot bath in the afternoon. Now I say in the evening
for 90 minutes. The first 30 minutes, go to sleep. A hot tub is ideal because it
will stay that temperature. In a bathtub, you will have to wake every 20 minutes
to let water out and add hot water. Also, it’s hard to sleep when it’s 110
degrees. One hundred and five is OK. If the heat is too much, take a bowl of
cold water with ice cubes and a washrag, wring it out a little and put it on
your head and face. Then, put your open (not tightly-closed) fists into the bowl
up to your high wrist for ONLY two minutes. Don’t use ice directly on your
skin. The brain doesn’t like to get hot. The cold will go from the bone right
up to the skull and cool the body pretty quickly. The body loves heat. The brain
doesn’t. So this chills it fast. That will give you another 20-30 minutes. You
may not have to do it again.

Q: The problem with a lot of people is that they fall asleep and don’t wake
up in time to change the water.

A: They need a kitchen timer set for every 20 minutes, then.

Q: Bath temperature?

A: One hundred and five minimum to 110 degrees maximum. At 111 degrees, you
start destroying vitamins and enzymes in your skin. That’s why saunas and
steam baths are horrible for the mucus membranes in your eyes and ears. Add hot
water when it’s down to 102.

Q: What about the walk after the bath?

A: You don’t have to do that any more. It is wonderful, if you can do it. If
you don’t, the advantage is that you can get right under the covers and stay
warm the entire night. You are going to be perspiring more. Of course, if
you’re walking hard, you’ll be using your nutrients to take care of the
lactic acid building up as you exercise.

Q: What happens with the lactic acid?

A: When you have lactic acid, your body has to use a lot of minerals to
neutralize it.

Q: Dave’s so sensitive to heat that when his wife takes a bath, he can’t
put his hand in there. How would you get him up from not being able to take
heat?

A: Hot water bottles under the covers.

Q: He’s doing that, actually. Would you recommending doing 98 degree baths
and building up to 105?

A: That won’t do much good. It would be better that he uses the hot water
bottles and heats the bed up at night.

Q: If someone was doing the baths, could he start at 102 degrees?

A: Absolutely. But don’t do anything under 102.

Q: Hot baths when you can’t breathe.

A: … lactic acid. Removing all the poisons. All the red blood cells are
getting highly contaminated and can’t utilize the oxygen properly. The brain
is starting to throw off a lot of chemicals, especially aluminum.

Q: What’s a good way to clean out lactic acid?

A: Whey – you know, the Sport Formula.

Q: I always have a tendency to gulp it in the bath as it is so hot and dry in
my mouth.

A: If you’re having, say, a tablespoon a minute, that’s 90 tablespoons in a
90-minute bath. That’s 45 ounces, a quart and a half. You can have as much as
you want, as long as you’re sipping it. I sip through a thin, glass
[borosilicate] straw so I won’t gulp. Any kind of fluid that you gulp
essentially goes to the kidney and does not carry nutrients to the cell, so it
causes dehydration - especially if you’re drinking cold fluids. I got mine at
a medical laboratory that has different sizes.

Q: I have a wide glass straw.

A: So put your tongue up against it to make the hole smaller and create
pressure.

Q: How about I Just use spoon instead of sipping?

A: When you suck ( like a baby, you have all the enzymes) all the bacteria –
that comes out of the salivary glands so you digest better. So, I suck.

Q: I gulp like two quarts.

A: You’re pissing out probably 2/3s of it, not utilizing it.

Q: … cheese during bath?

A: I do, absolutely. It’s a good idea, even if you’re not waiting to drink,
to have some cheese. You can be throwing off toxins in that hot bath. Poisons
galore are going to come out.

Q: So, I don’t have to wait ten minutes after the cheese before drinking in
the bath?

A: In the bath, the rules can change. Just drink.

Q: I went to Glen Ivy Hot Springs and took your detoxification formula before I
did. I used the formula to pull out industrial chemicals you gave me – lime
juice, coconut cream – only discomfort is that it seems to affect my lungs.

A: You were throwing off metals – industrial chemicals - through your lungs.
In other people, it may affect their liver or wherever they have the metals
loose they’ll feel it.

Q: If you get palpitations, would that be heart?

A: Yeah, the heart.

Q: At Glen Ivy don’t they check your bags now so you can’t bring any
glassware?

Q: That’s true. They let me bring in a plastic container of ice water.

A: That’s bad because ice in plastic causes the phthalates to [discharge?]. I
take my doctor’s letter in, saying I have to bring my own food in unless they
can provide food.

Q: Do we have to give another $100 for a letter?

A: You can use the one for flying.

Q: But that’s only good for four months.

A: Glen Ivy may take it for a year. An airline may want a fresh letter every
four months.

Q: Once coming back from Denver, they accepted the letter. In Burbank the
machine detected nitrates and they tore through everything.

A: Nitrates in honey or manure from visiting farm can set off the alarm. If
there’s honey on the outside, can pick up the nitrates and send the machine
crazy. They’ll tear everything apart… absolutely everything. Checking to see
if you might have been exposed to nitroglycerin. Anytime I travel with honey, I
make sure the jar is completely clean and put the lid on tightly.

Q: The electric shaver had high nitrate level.

A: If you eat honey, nitrate is in your hair so your shaver will be full of it.
If you didn’t eat honey, it wouldn’t do that.

Q: Does coconut cream have nitrates?

A: Not enough to detect.

Q: What was that lime juice remedy in the book?

A: Coconut cream and lime juice. It’s in one of the newsletters. [The
wewant2live.com site has] all the newsletter and you can do a search using
“lime” and learn what it does.

Q: Bone broth?

A: It’s all cauterized. Only thing you’ll get are the poisoned metals in
the bone. Once you cauterize, you’re causing free radicals. Minerals naturally
in a raw form work together in a perfect balance. Once you cook them, the
calcium, the phosphorus, potassium and magnesium are crystallized, hardened like
a rock or glass depending on the temperature. So, they are no longer active. It
takes 20x more calcium to do what calcium needs to do and still doesn’t do it
very well.

Q: Is there a way to pull out those minerals in a different way? Soak them in
something?

A: That is not necessary. Eat your cheese and honey together. There’s nothing
in a bone that will do anything different or better. Marrow is different. It’s
the only place you’re going to get a lot of stem cells. Do you remember John
Travolta and how thin he was versus how thick he is now? Remember how skinny
Kevin Costner was in “No Way Out?” He is thick all over now. Val Kilmer is
the same way. These people eat lots of bone soups and broths because of Sally
Fallon. So then they have all these minerals they can’t use in the fluid
system so they’re going to the bone and they keep developing all this bone and
thick tissue.

Q: Travolta follows Fallon [Weston-Price Foundation] diet?

A: Pretty much. A lot of those stars do.

Q: Who’s Sally Fallon?

A: She was at the Price-Pottenger Foundation. She left because of me. There
were 12 foundation board members and, when my book came out, nine of them wanted
to go gung-ho on mine and dump hers. After a year and a half of fighting [those
who wanted to favor my diet], Fallon, Mary Eng and another person on the board
went off and founded the Weston A. Price Foundation. Weston Price is out of DC
and Price-Pottenger is in Lemon Grove, CA..

Q: She recommends bone broth?

A: Yes. So, the broth will allow you to absorb a lot of minerals but it’s
going to thicken and harden tissue and not help clean lactic acid out of the
body, not help neutralize anything in the blood or over-acidity. Probably half
her foods are cooked.

Q: Is there a way to pull out nutrients - maybe leaving it in warm water and
ACV? Let it sit like high meat?

A: It would take months. I would put four drops of raw ACV in a cup of water
and put the bones in that. Let it sit a few months and you’ll get some of that
out. I tried it for four months but so much time, checking and checking.
Probably what worked best was when I took fresh bone and grated/shaved it using
a good stainless steel grater and let it soak for a week in water with raw ACV
and drank that. The hydrochloric acid in the stomach broke down the bone that
was softened by the vinegar water. The longest I waited was for two and a half
weeks. Sealed or unsealed jar lid didn’t seem to make a difference. I grated a
lot of bone and put it in jars to experiment. I did it with lemon juice that
helps fermentation and bacterial breakdown. It didn’t work with bone very
well.

Q: You’re saying that if you cook the bones in water it extracts the
minerals?

A: Yes, it does. It breaks them down and they don’t bind together anymore. It
destroys the ion attraction and magnetic sealing of it so they all fragment just
like any cooked food does. If you’re doing it in water, you’ve got water
penetrating in there as a solvent so you’ve got it all coming apart. So
you’ve freed up those minerals but they’re cauterized. Good for building
bone and hard skin but not live skin and not live bone. Like, say you live in
the desert and you go barefoot. You look at these Arabs and they’ve got an
inch and a half to two inches of callus. They’re all dead cells like a fibroid
tumor. That’s the way that, when you build with that kind of mineral content;
you don’t build live cells just mummified tissue. It’s like adding plastic.
It expands the girth but not the life.

Q: It is hard to get rid of that.

A: Absolutely. You would have to start consuming tons of raw ACV to start
dissolving and getting rid of it but, then, you’re going to start dissolving
your teeth and nerves. You’re going to have a lot of imbalances. Look at me.
I’m the same size I was as a teenager, same bone structure. Just saw my cousin
today. I’m a year and nine months older and his skin is thick and he’s
broadened, his nose is huge. I don’t get all that because I don’t eat cooked
food. I don’t have all this cauterized food to add adipose tissue on my body.
It builds girth but not life.

Q: That would be me, too, then because as a teenager I was a skinny kid.

A: When I met you, you were already girthed. You haven’t gotten bigger; in
fact, you’ve gotten a slimmer face. You’re losing some of it and your
forearms and wrists are smaller. I’m watching you over the years. I get to see
you often. And, I love that you always keep a big tummy. When I got that 47”
waist, it was the best I ever felt. I had never gone up above 39” before that
and I had never had to put my pants under my tummy before. But I felt so good.
Since I got those injections, I’ve felt the pain and nausea I felt after
chemotherapy. When I got fat, it was the most relaxed I’ve ever felt.

Q: Should I be going up and down in weight?

A: It is up to you. I say keep it and don’t get rid of it. But I go to Asia
and do physical stuff. I built a swimming pool in the shape of a mango with
different levels so you can wade and deepest is nine feet with a diving board. I
put a dam in the stream designed a waterfall and I had all these mechanical
things made for jets to run a water wheel and I’ve got a generator being made
right now to create power. So just with filling up my swimming pool that goes
down into a fish pond and that goes into another fish pond. So, I use all of
that water multiple times. There is no filter on the swimming pool so great
algae but, because there’s always new water flowing in, you can still see down
in there. It’s still full of algae and algae eats metals and pulls them out.
Algae gets into the skin, eats the metals and pulls them out. Eight days ago I
was there swimming in the pool for the first time.

Q: Should I drink algae?

A: Algae isn’t alive in water. It’s just going to pass through you like
vegetable juice fiber. So, algae if you’re eating it in powder form, is not
going to be digestible. Every time I check the feces of people who ate it, I
always found 98% of it in the feces. Only 2% seemed to be absorbed or hiding in
the feces where I couldn’t detect it. When you test like that, you have to
dissolve the feces in water and then use a certain kind of filter – like a
thousand micrometers - to separate the algae from it. And, you have to do it by
hand. With chlorella, I found 7% was not in the feces. What that means is that
if you’re eating chlorella, have only a tiny amount the size of a BB (1/8
teaspoon) and maybe it will digest. Otherwise it’s expensive waste. In dry
form like that, you’re not going to digest it anyway. So put a little bit in
each vegetable juice. Then, when you get to it, it will already be liquid and
your body will be able to start breaking it down. When it’s dry, we can’t
break it down as we’re not horses, cows or goats or sheep. They have enzymes
that are highly fluid and will go into dry vegetation and break it down. We
don’t have that. That’s why we don’t handle vegetation raw. That’s why
we drink vegetable juice. So, when we hydrate that chlorella, it’s already
starting to come alive again and our bacteria eat live things. That’s why the
Eskimos - even though they make a 90-pound block of pemmican (dry meat with fat)
for each person every year in case they can’t find food in the winter - will
bury what’s not eaten in the spring. The won’t eat it. It’s enzyme
deficient so won’t digest vitamins and health will decrease.

Q: How do you get fresh algae?

A: Find chlorella and add a pinch (1/8 tsp) to your 8 oz. vegetable juice and
let it sit there. It can grow it right in your yard but don’t put it where
chemtrails can dump into it. Just have a bowl of good drinking water. If
you’ve got Gerolsteiner, shake all the carbonation out of it because
carbonation will destroy anything. It’s like a natural form of hydrogen
peroxide. It can bleach. You can take Gerolsteiner, Perrier or any of them and
put it over an old bloodstain and it will pull it right out. But if you leave it
on it will also start taking the dye out of your clothes or furniture. So let
the water sit. Adding a few drops of your vegetable juice will help. Just
remember, algae eats rock so you have to put rocks into the water or some kind
of clay vessel where algae can eat away at the metal. You don’t want any glaze
on the vessel. You can use concrete that doesn’t have excessive lye in it.

Q: What kind of rock?

A: Clay, concrete, unglazed, unfired porcelain – any of those. But you’re
not going to get as much algae growing on porcelain because there aren’t a lot
of metals in it.

Q: Can I get clarification on weight loss – you said it’s better to put on
weight and hold it?

A: It is better to keep the weight on and let your body go into a cold or flu
to take off probably about two to four pounds.

Q: Don’t go on weight loss, you’re saying?

A: Well, I don’t mind you because you’ve had so many vaccines and
medication injected into you… probably the most I’ve ever seen besides
military people. Your body is so confused, you have to force the body.

Q: My mother didn’t do it. I did it myself.

A: Your mother didn’t vaccinate you here in California? At your age, you have
to have had at least 18 vaccine injections. Now it’s 58? 48?

Q: I’ve been doing weight loss in the winter. I can’t lose weight in the
summer because I’m thirsty and drink a lot of milk.

A: You need too many nutrients in the winter so that is not a good time to do
it. It is better in the summer. That’s because you gulp. Get a glass straw and
suck it through. Run it over the top of your tongue so you get the saliva. These
glands [salivary] are made to secrete with sucking. The saliva pours out. So you
don’t have to swish the liquid around in your mouth for a long time. You’ll
find you drink less and feel better. When 80% of the water in milk you drink
goes into the kidney and not into your cells, you’re dehydrating. It’s like
eating cheese. It’s going to dehydrate you. You have all these nutrients and
minerals to get to the cells and they need to go on a vehicle of water to do
that. But if you’re gulping, most is going right to the kidneys.

Q: So, forget about weight-loss?

A: You’re not in bad shape and I wouldn’t worry about it. When your body
wants to take it off, it will go into a cold or flu. If you go into a pain
cycle, you can eat a little more honey/butter or pain formula or smoothies and
milk shakes, then after that go into a short 3-4 week weight-loss period. If you
sip them, you won’t take as much. Mix them well with saliva by sucking so you
don’t have to swish it around in the mouth a long time. If using a straw, use
a narrow one.

Q: I’ve been working on my health all of my life. I teach and do a lot of
body meditation. That’s how I got my health back by from being [?] for a year
and a half in 1995. So I built my body back slowly but none of the things that
were advised to me worked so… But as my energy is coming back stronger and
stronger, I’m getting jittery so I went to doctors again and all the ideas
given to me are going well. That’s hard to do. So I came up with don’t eat
sugar, don’t eat fat, don’t do this, don’t do that. And with all the food
allergies it’s like OK, might as well go back to meditating. Anyway, I got
your book about two days ago. So I tried your nuts with unheated honey and raw
butter – I’m not supposed to have anything sweet…fat. So I said ‘OK,
I’m going to try this and meditation’. So every half hour I would try it. I
was sore first time because of this esophageal thing. By the second and third
time I thought ‘this feels kind of good’. So I meditated for 3-4 hours and
at the end I thought ‘this is working’. I thought, ‘wow, I can have some
fat and sugar. This is like the most thrilling thing’.

A: Unheated honey is not sugar.

Q: So then I tried eggs. I’m allergic to eggs. Tomatoes. That’s the problem
with being so educated, you know, in quotes. Tomatoes aren’t good with eggs.
There are lecithins that aren’t supposed to be good for you. I thought ‘I
have the tomatoes. I have the eggs. I have everything here. Let me try this
one’. Of course, I didn’t have the exact ingredients. That felt kind of
good, too. My boyfriend said that is way too rich. And, I thought, it feels
good. So, I guess, tomatoes are OK for a Type A. Then I’m allergic to eggs.
You know, that whole thing.

A: That’s cooked.

Q: Well, that’s my question. The jitteriness has been going on forever and I
think it’s because when I was very young I had the world’s worse acne. I
don’t know why but they x-rayed my face for that but didn’t put any
protection over my throat. So the thyroid was affected. So I don’t know if
every time I do something good I get jittery because something unresolved or…

A: You’re way off balance. Look at your hands, your skin. You’re a high
adrenalin-estrogen-testosterone individual. You create a lot of hormones for
physical activity. If you don’t utilize them in physical activity, in physical
expression, you’re going to put it out in emotional expression. You will be
jittery. So, when you get on this diet and get the raw cream and the nerves
start settling down and you exercise enough, you won’t be jittery any more.

Q: You don’t mean like tai-chi?

A: Any kind of exercise you enjoy – dancing, singing – singing is the most
strenuous.

Q: Do you know how you get in these blockades. I was born with two shallow hips
so a lot of exercise is not good.

A: Twenty minutes of singing is an hour on the treadmill.

Q: So, what I’m thinking. I bought your workshop DVD and I’ll work with
that for a little bit and then come and see you to fine-tune.

A: Always explore and experiment first and you’ll find out the truth. Get
that stuff out of your head. Everything you’ve learned is wrong.

Q: Would you mind saying a little more about the testosterone?

A: Well certain people create a lot of hormones for physical activity. You can
tell that by activity rings. Most iridologists call them stress rings. They’re
only stress rings if people don’t exercise. If you don’t spend those
hormones in physical activity, you’ll spend them in anxiety. Causes ticks,
nervousness, anxiety of all sorts. I can’t tell without photographing your
eyes to see how many activity rings you have but I can tell by your skin
you’ve had high activity hormones your whole life. If you are debilitated, you
don’t have the joy of utilizing your hormones for physical expression.
You’re utilizing them on your bad health. Because your hormones are 60-80%
fat, your body will use them to chelate poisons if you don’t eat enough fat.

Q: I haven’t been able to eat any fat since 1995.

A: That’s because you didn’t have raw butter and unheated honey.

Q: I had each of those things but not together. What about cheese. I think I
can’t possibly eat cheese.

A: Unsalted raw cheese and honey will stabilize your nerves.

Q: Where?

A: You have to mail away for it. Some stores carry, I think, an unsalted cheese
– Organic Pastures.

Q: No. The ones I’ve seen in stores the past couple years have salt.

A: You have to ask them to order it.

Q: Anyway, I do appreciate all the research and work you do. And, your book is
a very good read.

A: Thank you.

Q: I have heartburn almost daily, especially at night and in the morning.

A: You’ve got acids and poisons dumping out from around the heart all around
and into the esophagus. The only thing you can do to move it out faster is to
have milkshakes. To pour out the mucus, make a couple milkshakes and all
throughout the day keep sipping on them. That’s how much you need to bind with
those poisons. Like these poisons [from the forced injections]. I couldn’t
handle them any more so that’s why I went up to a 47” waist. That is the
best I’ve felt since those injections. From milkshakes. Build the mucus
because those poisons are going through your esophagus. That’s burning the
esophagus lining. That’s what heartburn is so, if you have mucus there to
absorb it and pull it out of your esophagus, you won’t have so much burn.
It’s when the metals passing through get locked because you don’t have
enough mucus.

Q: Is raw milk fine?

A: Yes. Just remember, room temperature - don’t drink it cold and sip it. I
take my milk out of the refrigerator at least the night before and sometimes 24
hours before.

Q: What is the combination of the milkshake for Joseph specifically?

A: What’s in the book is fine but no ginger as it will thin the mucus.

Q: Why does bone marrow sometimes have more red in it?

A: When that particular area is generating a lot more blood cells. Normally you
have a balance of red and white blood cells. That’s where your red and white
blood cells mature, divide and enter the blood stream. So that place where
it’s red is where the red blood cells are entering the blood stream.

Q: I can’t always get bone marrow fresh. Frozen reduces value?

A: Eighty percent of the value is reduced. Bone marrow is predominantly fat.

Q: Everything?

A: Proteins could be more. Fats are 80%.

Q: Everybody freezes.

A: Well, everybody’s not well.

Q: Honey, lemon or lime with it?

A: Honey is risky as it will alter some of the protein, alter the stem cell
effect. Waste of stem cells. Lime, no. Lemon is probably OK. Lime is
anti-bacterial, anti-microbial. Lemon incites bacterial fermentation.

Q: I’ve had constipation my whole life. I don’t know if I’m eating enough
food as I drink a lot of milkshakes.

A: Slowly?

Q: Not really.

A: You’re dehydrated. It’s going to urinate out of you. The way you can
tell is that if you’re drinking a quart of water a day you should only be
urinating a cup. So, if your urine is not ¼ of what you’ve consumed, you’re
chugging your fluids. You should be absorbing and utilizing, perspiring ¾ of
what your consuming and only urinating 1/4. Dehydration causes constipation.

Q: I think sometimes there’s a blockage because when I do try to go the
bathroom it’s just thin, soft.

A: No, that’s not blockage. You’re not constipated. Your body is just
robbing everything out of it that it can. Sipping instead of gulping will help a
lot. If your fecal matter were coming out very hard and then soft, that would
mean that your colon is starved for fresh fats. You could inject some raw cream
or coconut cream and butter into the rectum and let it absorb so you get the
fresh fats., like a suppository. Just take 3 tablespoons each of butter, dairy
cream and coconut cream together with a ¼ teaspoon of honey. Put it into a
four-ounce jelly jar, shake it, put it in a bowl of hot water– but not hot
enough to burn your hand if you were to submerge it for 5-6 seconds. After four
minutes, fill a bulb syringe, get on all fours, insert it, and bark like a dog.
With buttocks up in the air, roll your stomach to move it up the descending
colon. Then go on the right side and lift your left leg and roll your stomach
again. That will get it to the transverse colon and ascending colon. Just four
minutes on each side. So it’s four-four-four: four minutes in the hot water,
four minutes on your stomach, and four on the right side. A lot of people have
high anxiety and depression. This relieves that sometimes for weeks or months.
The colon digests everything that goes to the nervous system and brain and they
don’t get much if your upper small intestine absorbs everything. So when you
feed your colon directly, the brain and nervous system get it all. You can take
a person who’s depressed and give them high meat and they’ll be silly and
happy for a day or two or a week. When you put these fats – especially dairy
cream – into the colon, you’ve got enough nutrients there for may be two
weeks, three weeks or a month.

Q: I have the same thing but found eating an avocado in the evening helps.

A: An avocado is very difficult to digest and 50% will pass out with the feces.
I wouldn’t suggest that for her. She doesn’t have the dryness that you have.

Q: I find that you don’t even get constipation with the mercury formula with
the pineapple.

A: It depends upon the individual. You have to experiment and see what works
for you.

Q: Two questions. I’ve been experiencing heart fibrillations, [A-T ?] joints
and I don’t know if that’s part of my RA[?]. How much fat of different kinds
should I be eating daily?

A: You’re one of the dryer individuals that I’ve had but you’re doing
better. It all depends on how well you digest - how much bile you produce. Your
skin looks good. I see red blood cells, enzymes. You’re probably going as fast
as you can. As you get better, eating pineapple will help that.

Q: With meat meal?

A: Well, if you want, you can have a chunk with your meat meal. No more than an
inch x inch cube. That would help you digest your fat a little bit better. Are
you doing beets in your vegetable juice? Use about 10% for fourteen days and
then drop down to 5%. Unless it works for you, then stay on 10%. Beets are the
highest food in natural chlorine that is predominant in hydrochloric acid. So,
it helps build hydrochloric acid for better digestion. It also helps the liver
make better bile. Pineapple helps both, too. Beets and pineapple both help with
the digestion both in the liver and with hydrochloric acid in the stomach. In
terms of fat, I would say you’re doing pretty well. Are you nervous or
depressed?

Q: No.

A: I’d say you have a pretty good balance. If you want more fats, then push
everything equally.

Q: And, what about the A-T [?] with my joints that comes and goes?

A: That’s when you have poisons you can’t pass through the skin and
you’re throwing off poisons out the joints so sip on the sports formula
throughout the day. That will help neutralize poisons coming out the joints.

Q: Baths, too?

A: Baths help get rid of it faster out the skin so it doesn’t hang up in the
joints or skin.

Q: Milk [ unclear[

A: Only when it’s involved in a milkshake when you have milk with eggs, extra
cream and honey. You’re going to build a lot of mucus.

Q: And, if you have it by itself.

A: It’s just going to take care of everything evenly.

Q: If I add ginger to shake?

A: It won’t stop creating mucus but it will thin the mucus.

Q: What does that mean?

A: If mucus is too thick to bring up, it’s not good. Say you have thick mucus
that you can’t cough out or comes out in a thick blob. You want to thin it a
bit. The best way to do it is grate a bit and add it to the shake. Otherwise it
will just go into the stomach lining and irritate it.

Q: So milkshakes are a good way to protect the lungs?

A: Absolutely. Just remember, all the mucus membranes have to have mucus. The
way I tell people is did you ever try to have sex without mucus down there.
You’ll be red, raw, and sore. It will abrade if you eat food and have no mucus
lining. You need mucus to keep pollen and dust from going into the tissue or
you’ll have problems, allergies. You need mucus not just for lungs but
everywhere inside the body.

Q: Anything besides milkshakes to produce healthy mucus?

A: That is the only thing I’ve found.

Q: And to detox the lungs, you have that egg and orange juice formula?

A: That helps. It’s an orange Julius so it’s milk, egg, honey, cream and
orange. It’s not orange juice, it’s taking an orange and after removing the
rind, blending it. You can have it once a day. I wouldn’t have more fruit
unless you have pneumonia. Then you can have one milkshake and two orange Julius
smoothies. The formula is in the recipe book. If I were going to do it for an
individual, it would depend upon how dry the skin is. If dry, I would go for a
little bit more cream. If the skin was terribly dry and you’re bleeding in
your nose and mucus, I would add a tiny bit of butter. But I would make the
orange no more than 1/3 of the mixture.

A: So let’s try to go around really fast. Simple questions.

Q: Cheese is very constipating. Used to drink whey but that was constipating.

A: You have to use suppositories. When I first met you, you were almost as dry
as she was. I just think your body is still starving for fats in your colon.
And, if you’ve done the suppository and the mixture of cream, coconut cream
and butter doesn’t work for you, get rid of the coconut cream and use more
dairy cream but with same amount of butter. So you use 3 tablespoons of dairy
cream and 3 tablespoons of butter with ¼ teaspoon of honey. That way, you
won’t be detoxing with the coconut cream, just strengthening and building your
intestinal track, your bowel. If you’re constipated and don’t have a block
in your intestines and don’t have severe pain along with it, you don’t have
a blockage. It means you don’t have a collapsed colon. That means your body is
absorbing so much of everything that you eat. It is not getting enough fats in
the colon to be satisfied and it is holding on to the feces too long and is
pulling out everything. And, if you’re having a bowel movement every 24 hours
and you’re that dry, it’s a sign you’ve got good digestion just not enough
of the proper kinds of fats in your colon. You should try suppositories and let
me know how it goes when I come back in July.

Q: I tried the Primal Facial Cream on the rash on my leg and it worked.

A: You just need to get the poisons out of the body with the heat first. Then
the poisons are out. When they’re locked up in the connective tissue under the
skin, and passing through the skin a little at a time, they’re going to keep
doing damage to the tissue. When you get in a hot bath like at Glen Ivy for
seven or eight hours, you’re constantly perspiring those poisons out. Those
poisons are either coming from your muscles or from your bones and have to get
to your skin to pass through. So, if you move it fast with long, hot baths, put
the primal facial body care cream on top so you’re feeding those cells while
you clean and they get to absorb everything. The poisons locked in the skin have
a tendency to hold onto the fat molecules.

Q: Can you divert the poisons to the stomach instead of the skin by eating
cheese?

A: In the legs, it’s hard to do. Not too far away. Just doesn’t happen very
often. That’s the problem I had. I tried to eat a lot of cheese to get it out
of my legs [after the forced injections?] and stop all the bursting of my flesh
here.

Q: Coating my rash with cheese did help.

A: Alkalinizing minerals. That was the last thing I suggested for him to help.

Q: Cheese with honey… Do you spit it out?

A: No that’s oil pulling. When you have honey with cheese it’s to digest
the cheese. You don’t digest no-salt, raw cheese. There are no enzymes and
it’s just going to absorb poisons. So, to get your concentrated minerals, you
mix a slight bit of honey with the cheese like 1:3. So if it’s three
tablespoons of cheese, it’s three teaspoons of honey. I do less. Only one and
half to two teaspoons of honey to digest my cheese. Then you get all this
mineral concentration to help the nerves and the whole system. I have to eat a
lot because of all the mineral loss from those poisons in my body.

Q: … about thinning mucus again. I read in a book about horseradish and
lemon.

A: Yeah, but they can really cause irritation and so much mucus loss ripping
the mucus off the intestinal linings. Horseradish should be used in very small
amounts. And lemon demineralizes the body too much.

Q: I am doing the mercury formula 5x a week.

A: It will help, but make sure you’re constantly eating the cheese.

Q: Ten minutes before.

A: … but also every twenty or thirty minutes in between.

Q: How about storing food in stainless steel?

A: You attract a lot of radiation and it broadcasts right to your food. Metal
is an antenna for any kind of radio waves, wi-fi waves, you name it. Not a good
idea. Use glass, corning ware, pyrex.

Q: What about metal tops on glass canning jars?

A: The food is not touching it unless you fill it all the way to the top.

Q: … doing that with vegetable juice?

A: But you’ve got it in the refrigerator and the walls are blocking. If
you’re carrying around a metal container with your fluid in it, you’re
getting it into your hand and all through the body, and then drinking it you are
adding all that radiation into your body.

Q: So, if you wanted an unbreakable container to carry?

A: Lexan, a very hard plastic. I don’t like it. If the sun hits it and it
gets hot, the phthalates are going to move into the liquid. So you have to keep
it out of the sun and not let it get over 102 degrees. Any time people comment
on your use of glass containers [e.g. on the tennis court], just say you’re
allergic to plastic and do you want me to be sick.

Q: They don’t allow glass containers on planes.

Q: You have high meat and high eggs on an empty stomach separate from
everything else you eat? Eat as a meat meal?

A: Yeah.

Q: I eat high eggs once a week. I got one black but not the others.

A: You have to tap the egg a few times all the way around and put the carton
where the sun will beat on it and it stays warm.

Q: How long? And it makes you feel good?

A: I’ve had up to a year. Yes, it feeds the brain and nervous system. I have
people that only eat high meat and high eggs and don’t eat anything fresh.
They are the funniest, happiest people in the world. I have a fellow who eats
two pounds of high meat a day and he’s the greatest person I know.

Q: I stopped juicing because of the rush and I now use a Vitamix.

A: [Vitamix is] terrible because the pulp stays in there and alkalinizes your
intestines so you don’t digest your dairy, eggs and meats well… too much
fiber. To deal with fiber, you need alkalinizing enzymes and bacteria and
we’re acidic. You are not going to digest properly if your body has gone to
the point of making enzymes and digestive juices for alkalinized material. It
puts you between a rock and a hard place and you are not going to digest either
very well.

Q: Even if it’s taken separately?

A: It doesn’t make any difference. Those particles lag in the folds of your
intestines. But you look like you don’t need much juice because you’re over
alkalinized right now. May be in 6-7 weeks you can add a little juice. You need
to get un-alkalinized.

Q: Has your eating schedule changed [since the book]? Still start with cheese
in the morning, then eggs?

A: Always, cheese, yeah, to absorb all the poisons that have been dumped into
the stomach and intestines [overnight]. It’s different from the book now.
Start with cheese - with butter, if you have a tendency toward constipation. For
a guy your size, I would say two tablespoons of cheese with a teaspoon of
butter. Next have two or three eggs, to get the brain going. You’ll have a lot
of sugar in your nervous system so the brain focuses properly. Each five to ten
minutes apart. Then go into your regular schedule. Later, in the two hours
between your meat meal and fruit meal, you’re sipping on milk and your sports
formula and eating cheese periodically to absorb the poisons all day long. The
cheese and sports formula have been added [since the book].

Q: If you have cheese in the middle of the night do you need honey with it?

A: If I’ve given it to you as a mineral builder. If I just said cubes, it’s
likely just the cheese for detoxification to absorb poisons. If I tell you to
eat a tablespoon of cheese and a half a teaspoon of honey, it’s for mineral
building, to digest and absorb the minerals in the cheese.

Q: I am living in a house with eight people and two guys have Chlamydia right
now. They’ve both taken two doses of antibiotics and it hasn’t gone away.
Don’t know what to tell them.

A: Any fungus can change bodies because fungus lives in the skin or tissues
inside so it is contagious. If you put lime juice where you think you’ve been
subjected to it, it will kill it. Lime juice formula.

Q: … lice at school…

A: Apply three-quarters of a cup of limejuice and one teaspoon of honey where
the lice are. Can do the same thing with Chlamydia but you drink three ounces of
limejuice, one tablespoon of lemon juice, and four tablespoons of coconut cream
with three tablespoons of honey. Two times a day, if they’ve got it really bad
for maybe six to eight days. Five days of antibiotics destroys one per cent of
the body’s activity.

Q: Do you use salt-water on lice?

A: It de-hydrates and shrivels them up. Salt-water really damages the skin but
it’s OK if you rinse it off fast.

Q: Have you changed the skin formula from the book?

A: It’s the same. Instead of butter, you can put in bone marrow to add stem
cells to skin; it is better.

Q: … royal jelly?

A: You can’t get it unfrozen. They freeze everything.
