?
title=Q&A Of May 26, 2013

# Q&A Of May 26, 2013

@[Source](https://www.primaldiet.net/aajonus-qa-2013-05-26/)

This Q&A begins at about 23 minutes into the recording

Q: One thing before we start. How did you like the flyer I made?

A: It's good.

Q: Okay.; trying to get people to come out.

A: To the point. Concise.

Q: But one thing Mike Murphy said, I have to use the word geoengineering with
the chemtrail word next to it.

A: Yeah a lot of people are not going to know what that means.

Q: Yeah so....what do you think is behind all this.

A: I think its all about keeping control same way its about using fluoride and
lots of other chemicals. To keep people in control

Q: Ever get the fluoride out of the water?

A: San Diego was the last one to hold out of using fluoride in water., you
should have hung your supervisors

Q: Portland stopped using fluoride

A: Good for them.

Q: Whenever anyone has a referendum, the people always say no thank you.

A: Well I mean, San Diego fought it for 15 years. It wasn't till a certain
forgot his name, got on the board, he streamlined it through...it's a real
shame.

Q: Thank you for all you did.

A: You're welcome.

Q: The battle for the raw milk.

A: Yes and it was such a great win.

Q: Certainly was

A: And in that situation, they didn't have the little county DA there. They had
the DOJ attorneys - Department of Justice of Wisconsin - down there in this
little farm town. After I got off the stand I went over to a - they had a
federal FDA attorney, flew in for it - and I went up to him and I said, 'you
ought to be ashamed of yourself', just like that

Q: … to speak up though, we never speak up, we never get what we want.

A: If you don't speak up, you're not going to be heard.

Okay lets begin. Lets begin here.

A: Okay, Michael?

Q: Well, I've had some unfortunate dental issues. I've got a couple of
cavities; my dentist wants to use TPA Translucent Palet Aluminum Oxide for the
fillings.

A: Because?

Q: That's what he wants to use.

A: Well get a regular composite, is it on a top side of a molar? Or is it
facial?

Q: Its not in front, its number 27. Actually I've got a smaller one on 26 and
one on 27. He also wanted to use dycal initially. And I've checked that against
the clifford testing that I used and that can be counter indicated for that
material. It just said this is an aluminum type ceramic that I don't know.

A: Well its ceramic. He actually wants to put ceramic filling because anytime
you use ceramic you have to drill out twice as much tooth and you snap it in.
And it causes cracking of teeth in many situations. I used to recommend
porcelain and ceramic. because they have to snap them in. Too many teeth
cracked; too many people have extended pain from it because of the pressure on
their tooth. I stopped recommending it. I just say do the composite, the hard
plastic. Some of it is high in aluminum, but it's solid there in the plastic and
use the light to solidify it.

Q: Yeah that's what he has here. He uses a light.

A: Yeah good that's fine.

Q: What's with porcelain.

A: Can't use porcelain; it's hard. They have to snap it in,. It stretches the
tooth.

Q: You can't have porcelain?

A: That's what I mean. That's what I said, you cannot put a hardened substance
in there. You have to put soft substances that will harden.

Q: And the soft substance is the plastic?

A: Composite.

Q: Oh I understand.

A: … hardened plastic. They use metal to harden it.

Q: They have a different type of drilling technique. They use a laser, a water
laser. And supposedly you don't have to take the anesthetic for that and you
know its the highest tech that they have.

A: Well they have what they call glass but its sand, sand and water. They have
the laser and water. And they have the regular drill bit with water jets.

Q: But really all you need to get the drill is that I may look into some.

A: Look into somebody else, because you'll have no pain as long as you have a
water jets whatever they use. It doesn't matter as long as its a water jet on
it.

Q: Oh okay, so porcelain is not good

A: Can't use porcelain, its hardened, you have to snap it in, you have to
remove a lot of tooth to do that.

Q: So composites are the answer?

A: Composite.

Q: And what is composite?

A: Plastic

Q: Plastic

A: A form of plastic.

Q: And there's aluminum in the plastic?

A: It depends upon the manufacturer, which brand your using. Aluminum, some of
them used to use tin but tin is highly poisonous. So they went to aluminum
because it's lighter. As strong but not poisonous.

Q: Does it go in the body at all?

A: Not enough to ever detect a trace you know. It would take a year to - if you
collected the amount of toxins that were released from the composite filling it
would take a year to - get a trace... a collective trace.

Q: But not enough to...

A: Not enough to do any damage whatsoever. There's no BPA's that are released,
no phthalates.

Q: And what about over a 10, 20 year period?

A: Well, you still throw all that off, its such a minute amount.

Q: Cheese

A: You can get it rid of it everyday.

Q: Would there be a material for pulp capping? He wanted to use a dycal and
that seemed... He said that if you don't use something; like I guess this is all
going to go to the nerve.

A: Well I usually use bio kalix.

Q: What's that?

A: It's a type of calcium, calcium rock, its powdered, and its pretty non toxic
but.

Q: So whose your dentist?

A: I use Britton in Tijuana.

Q: Can you gives us that address?

A: Go to brittondental.com

Q: How do you spell his name?

A: B R I T T O N , Tomas, T O M A S, he's third generation dentist. So I
converted him into a pretty holistic one, so he handles a lot of my patients.
They fly in from everywhere. He's a good looking, very big, bear of a man, and
so gentle. Perfect.

Q: So is there anything you use as a pain relief while you're having this work
done?

A: Well you don't really need anything, I mean if you want to, you can take
some ice and put it on there, that's about the best thing to numb it. If you
want to do that, but because he has the water jet, the bit doesn't get hot. When
I had all of my amalgams removed I had 16 teeth that had amalgams in it, so I
had to remove 8 one day and 8 the next day. It's four hours of drilling a day,
and there was no water jet on them in those days. So that bit would get real
hot, it would burn the nerve you know, I had to signal, tap his elbow, something
like that to get him to stop and cool the bit.....go back in, but I didn't use
any Novocaine, anything for that. Pretty traumatic but when you don't use an
anesthetic, the pains gone in about 6, 7 hours.....12 hours maximum. If you get
any kind of anesthetic Novocaine, Xylocaine, any of them, you cause swelling for
months in that tooth and surrounding area.

Q: There's a direct correlation between lidocaine and breast cancer.

A: Yeah, and also heart attacks.

Q: From what?

A: From the dental anesthetic. More people when they're seeing a physician, get
heart attacks from dental work.....an anesthetic

Q: How do you remove the anesthetic?

A: Takes years and years and years probably about for one injections takes
about 6 years to get rid of all the poisons, cause its injected and goes into
the bone. Hardened tissue, its hard to get rid of. It's responsible for almost
all mouth cancer.

Q: So novocaine is the cause?

A: Novocaine, Xylocaine, all of them.....

Q: They all gave them, even the novocaine inside of your mouth.

A: Well don't take them anymore.

Q: What about Demerol?

A: Demerol that's conducive to brain cancer and pancreatic cancer

Q: How do you handle the pain?

A: Well your dentist; that's why I like this dentist in Tijuana, he's so
gentle, slow. I took Jeff Slay in a couple of months ago to him, and he had
cavities between two of his molars. So he had to drill down on those two teeth,
good part of the teeth as well, right down to the nerve. It even bled and Jeff
didn't feel the pain, no novocain used. Didn't feel a thing, because you don't
unless they actually hit the nerve. He nicked Jeff's nerve; he said he barely
felt it because the water jet is cool. It cools the area. It keeps the nerve
contracted. When it expands and swells, that's when you have pain.

Q: So what happens when you get crowns and stuff?

A: You're not hitting a nerve if you're getting a crown.

Q: I'm talking about a crown, is it a good idea cause you have to glue into the
tooth.

A: When I had those teeth done I had to have five caps on them because there
was so much tooth gone. And when they popped out I took beeswax and I took a
round edge of a spoon and I pressed them on a plate, and I put it inside so it
fit in just fine thin inside the cap. Put it on, and I bit down on each one of
them. When I went back to have them removed, he couldn't remove them. And the
ones put on with glue that didn't come off popped right off. But the ones I had
put on with beeswax, he couldn't get them off. We worked for one hour just
getting one of them off.

Q: So you can have him put the beeswax on?

A: He won't do it. A dentist won't do that. But that's what I did when they
popped out.

Q: Why didn't you just leave it on? If it was so hard to get off. ..

A: Well I had the metal, the chip was like 25 years old, so all of the
porcelain had chipped off of the metal.

Q: Oh okay

A: And I could taste the metal so I didn't want that contamination in my mouth
24 hours a day. But boy, that one was a really hard one. And that was the first
one I put on with beeswax.

Q: When you do have even a plastic crown infused to high noble metal.

A: No I use a porcelain on a cap, I wouldn't use plastic on a cap, just in a
filling.

Q: Okay so crowns need to be porcelain. So when you have pure porcelain is that
okay?

A: Well what they do if they have pure porcelain is they want to take most of
your tooth away.

Q: So your saying then if your going to have a crown, your supposed to have
porcelain infused to high noble metal?

A: To gold.

Q: So that's the best thing, why?

A: Because gold doesn't deteriorate as easily as stalled ground and you don't
have to get rid of as much tooth.

Q: The thing is, you are saying it can be infused to pure gold?

A: No no no, pure gold is too soft

Q: ok

A: But it's completely covered. Like porcelain.

Q: So its basically high noble metals is a mixture of gold, tin?

A: No, tin they can't use. Tin, if they use tin, its highly poisonous.

Q: So its aluminum?

A: Aluminum, some type of stainless steel and gold.

Q: So then that's okay?

A: Yeah.

Q: That metal is not going directly on the gum?

A: It shouldn't; if it's a good crown.

Q: So what was the reason not to have pure porcelain for crowns?

A: Because they have to take so much tooth away, they crack and chip very
easily. Porcelain is not strong.

Q: But you're saying it's not toxic to the body to have porcelain infused to
high noble metal, its not toxic.

A: You've got enough porcelain over it.

Q: Oh

A: Over the metal. But if its like mine, start chipping away, then my metal is
exposed, my acids in my mouth, because they're much high because I had a
Vagotomy. So the acids that used to build in the stomach are in my mouth, that's
why my teeth just deteriorate. Well the three injections also

Q: What did you call that? Vagotomy?

A: Vagotomy Pyloroplasty.

Q: Is that like stomach acid?

A: No. You have all these vagus nerves that attach to the stomach and that
helps generate hydrochloric acid into the stomach. All of mine were severed at
20 years old when I had stomach surgery. So a lot of my acids back up into the
mouth.

Q: You could taste that?

A: Oh yeah. But you know, it's not good for the teeth. It eats away at the
teeth.

Q: So what did you have to have done to fix that?

A: Oh I just have to rinse my mouth with milk after I eat, or something like
that, have to make sure. Acids don't build up too much. But when I got those
three injections when I was kidnapped three years ago. You know, I've lost 6
teeth because of that.

Q: Your coloring is so much better.

A: Yeah I was gray for a while. A long while.

Q: I remember, you were so gray it was scary. You said lost 6 teeth?

A: 6 teeth

Q: Really? Why? That's vaccines, from all the vaccinations. What's the
connection?

A: You know what's in a vaccine?

Q: Mercury and shit like that

A: Yeah. My skin went gray and all that.

Q: Basically rotted the teeth or got to the teeth?

A: Got to nerves and damage the nerves. I was popping teeth out

Q: Wow

A: Good teeth too, the nerve - just killed the nerve.

Q: You were kidnapped?

A: Kidnapped and injected. Yep. Well I was speaking out internationally against
the swine flu hoax, so they caught me in a hotel room, injected me with three of
them, to say see he died of the swine flu. But I happened to wake up when they
were injecting me. And I caught them so I knew what to do the next morning.

Q: That's like the government?

A: Could have been the pharmaceutical industry

Q: Wild.

A: It was traumatic, I still have tremendous pain in this arm, put this all the
way up in this arm. It's been eight months now, like when I was a kid and got
tetanus shots and things. I could never lift this arm much without excruciating
pain. Its been that way on some days like right here, the pain is pretty sharp.
Up here its okay, but right about there, it really is painful. All the way into
the joint, deep into the joint.

Q: I think with as strong as you are that you would be able to withstand that.

A: Three, three of those injections, you know how much mercury is in there?

Q: Yeah he'd be a dead man.

A: I should be dead.

Q: Totally.

A: But the only reason I survived is because I went out and found a sting ray
that was two and a half days old. And the high ammonia – see, if you get
natural ammonia, it will bind with mercury and other substances so it doesn't go
into the blood cells - because that's what it will do. It would destroy my red
blood cells and I'd die.

Q: Yeah

A: So soon as I woke up next morning and realized it wasn't a nightmare, I had
three bubbles there with the hole injected in it, a little serum coming out. I
ached in every joint, I was sick, I started vomiting. Soon as I tried to sit up
I vomited, I had diarrhea, I called the hotel and they immediately sent a
driver. I said I need one as soon as possible. So the driver came in about
thirty minutes. I did my vomiting, ate some cheese. I ate some butter and
vomited it all up. All that, and he came and I said I need to get to a wharf and
I need to find shark or sting ray as soon as possible. And I wasn't going to
explain why but he could see I was very sick. He had to help me walk, I walked
for five minutes, I was on the ground, out. So when I got that way, I had to get
on my knees, fast and get on the ground so I wouldn't hurt myself from falling
so I had three of those just to get to the van. Three times did that, I passed
out in the van multiple times as we were driving to different wharf's looking
for that. When we found a baby sting ray, about this big – it had been dead
for two and a half days; they were getting ready to pitch it. Perfect, chopped
that thing up, ate it, vomited, finally got some of that to stay down and
digested. And as soon as the ammonia started binding, chelating with those
poisons in my blood, I was able to breath again and I stopped passing out. But
that went on for almost two days.

Q: You ate any particular part of the sting ray or just the whole thing?

A: I didn't care about that, it was the stinkiest ammonia that's what I picked.

Q: Could you use urine cause that's got ammonia in it?

A: It wasn't enough

Q: Yeah.

A: You need some strong ammonia, like from shark or sting ray, for that. And my
urine would have been highly toxic already.

Q: yeah absolutely. What about somebody elses urine?

A: No people.

Q: Yeah right! So ammonia is the one thing that removes a lot of toxicity?

A: It doesn't remove it, it binds with it so it doesn't get into the cell.

Q: Anything else binds with stuff like that?

A: Not like that. Well, you've got amino acids in raw apple cider vinegar that
are very helpful in that. It's got the amino acids that bind with those
substances.

Q: Would you recommend that for people who have been forced to take vaccines
like military people?

A: Absolutely.

Q: In the formulas of apple cider vinegar and amino acids, how would you take
the vaccines?

A: Probably with coconut cream would be the best way to mix, coconut cream and
a little milk. I'd probably say if somebody had a vaccine, one vaccine probably
three tablespoons of vinegar a day. But one at a time. So space it and about
three tablespoons of coconut cream and two tablespoons of dairy cream – to
protect the nerves - or about two ounces of milk. And have that three times a
day if you've been in the military, I would suggest two tablespoons three times
daily for about nine days. But you have to - if you're going to have that
quantity - you have to eat about three tablespoons of cheese, with two teaspoons
of honey four to five times a day to make sure you don't demineralize.

Q: And what about the novocaine stuff for dental? What kind of mixtures can
assist to get rid of that toxin.?

A: That's injected deep into the bone structure here so, the body will not
circulate when that stuff is injected. That's why it causes so much cancer.

Q: What do you mean by runs circularly?

A: It doesn't, they stab it right in near the bone....

Q: And then how do you get rid of it?

A: A lot of eggs, a lot of heat around the face.

Q: Would oil pulling help with that?

A: Pardon?

Q: Coconut oil, coconut cream pulling?

A: Definitely help.

Q: Oh okay

A: Absolutely help. Coconut cream you could pull with anything.

Q: You need to do that on an empty stomach you said right? Before you eat
anything you? A: Pull?

Q: Yeah but first thing in the morning?

A: It's a good idea if you pull first; well

Q: Eat cheese before hand so that.

A: Well have some; I pull with cheese.

Q: Oh

A: I get the cheese all melted.

Q: Liquidy.

A: Just keep it so I know it's locked in there. Then I will spit it out. After
about five minutes I'll down an egg or I'll down just a little cheese and then
I'll down an egg or two after that. And then go back to the cheese pulling.

Q: So if you have metal in your mouth like from metal crowns high noble metals
and the pulling, does it pull any of the metal?

A: Your metal isn't exposed.

Q: Oh alright. I don't know, that's why I'm trying to get the information. So
you can do the mouth pulling and you're safe if you've got those crowns or high
noble metals

A: Yeah. They can't get through the porcelain. Only if its liquid. And the
metal isn't liquid, it's solid. And the porcelain is solid. Now there may be
some metal in the porcelain. They're not allowed to use lead in that, and they
use aluminum like I said, a trace amount in the ear.....your body handles that.

Q: There is a subject dentistry was, I don't know, ten years ago. But I was
considering leaving in my amalgams. I talked to an individual at UCLA about
ultrasonic and imaging...and it has come out. According to the dentist I talk
to, its not very clear. But if they have the possibility of doing an a scan,
nothing or something; the sonic is still what I'm talking about. You could
probably detect cavities or cracks or whatever in the teeth; it's new
technology. That is a future. Maybe promising

A: It's an imaging instead of X Rays.

Q: I was telling people, the reason I got into the chemtrail issue in about
2006 is because I developed breathing difficulties. I had heart palpitations. I
couldn't get enough air, even now a few days ago I was coming home.... I know
it's that because I could look up and I can see. And what I can see is not a
picture because I have recognized that many people have this problem. It was
announced on globalsky.com, he said it's been tested on rats. It can induce
heart attacks. Now what I'm asking, the question is, what do you take for this?
Do you suck on garlic, do you?

A: I put it in my news letter all about the chem trails and what to eat.

Q: Oh okay

A: It's better just to get it from there. Cause that's already written, that's
out there.

Q: I heard about someone chewing garlic, is that validity at all?

A: What's garlic going to do? It's got some oil in it that would chelate some
of the esters... might chelate with some of the toxins....that's not going to
change. The problem is when those poisons get into the lungs, they get into the
red blood cells. The red blood cells can no longer transport oxygen to the cells
to generate energy. So even though you're getting oxygen in the lung, you're not
utilizing it in the body for the red cells to deliver it to the rest of the
cells in the body to produce energy.

Q: That's because of the chem trail chemicals.

A: Right. Eating something with high ammonia will help that. So they don't get
into the red blood cells.

Q: Coconut cream is ammonia?

A: No it doesn't have ammonia; you'd have to get some rotten fish. Old fish....
apple cider vinegar also works,.that's the way I do with apple cider vinegar.

Q: With the fish?

A: No

Q: Just apple cider vinegar

A: Apple cider vinegar.

Q: Just drinking some, a tablespoon by itself?

A: Having coconut cream and some dairy cream or milk with your raw apple cider
vinegar.

Q: Put cream in it. A tablespoon of each?

A: No, I've got it taped on there so you can get it.

Q: Do you think chem trails have anything to do with my kind of fatigue?

A: It can have a lot to do with it, yeah. Well your red blood cells - you've
got great red blood cells. You shouldn't have any problem with, you shouldn't
have any fatigue. Unless the red blood cells are not delivering the oxygen.

Q: So I should look that chem trail thing up and do it.

A: Yep.

Q: It forces the chem trials and...

A: Well, it can be a lot things; injections, because you've got a lot of grains
under your skin... heavy metals in your skin. They're getting into the blood and
of course they attach to and affect the red blood cells and they can't transport
oxygen. You need to get something in there to bind those poisons so they don't
attach to the red blood cells and prevent them from utilizing oxygen.

Q: And so go back and read your article about the chem trails and

A: And just what I said to. Use the raw apple cider vinegar with the milk or
cream and the coconut cream.

Q: No honey.

A: No honey with that. You don't want to absorb it. Honey would make you absorb
it.

Q: Everyone has a different reaction to it, this guy showed that you can
actually smell and taste it. Not very many people can do that.

A: When chem trails are heavy, I do not go outside without a mask.

Q: Oh really; which mask do you use?

A: I use my Israeli gas mask.

Q: That's so heavy.

A: I don't care, I don't want that crap getting into my high, into my nose,
into my mouth

Q: You can walk around this area, not driving.

A: Yeah, I've been pulled over, even by the border patrol.

Q: Because I only use that, 'I can breathe' mask, that's all I have.

A: That's not going to do a lot. It'll help. You're going to have to wash it
off. When I've got chemicals like that, those little cloths aren't going to
help. I use that cloth, in fact I triple mine and I'll show you what I use on an
airplane.

Q: What do they say to you when they pull you over

A: Oh they think I'm a terrorist with a chemical bomb

Q: Oh!

A: … because no body uses a gas mask like that unless they're a terrorist
right?

Q: Where do you get all those masks from?

A: I had this one made in Vietnam about ten years ago. This is an organic
cotton handkerchief. And I roll it up, fold it, and then roll it like this. And
this goes here. I don't like the thing covering my whole face, I breath through
my nose and out my mouth. So I go like this, put this on like this.

Q: Can I do the same through my 'I can breathe' mask?

A: Yep. And that - I have so many layers - all the poisons have to get through.
The benzene in the airplane isn't going to get to me.

Q: But I can wear that if I'm protesting with a sign or something?

A: Yeah it completely covers the nostrils. Many layers.

Q: So you use that when you fly?

A: Yeah

Q: Any other time?

A: Whole trip. Once in a while if I smell something in the car, I have my bag
with me, I'll pull it out anytime I smell anything that's a problem.

Q: Where do you get an organic handkerchief? Just online or?

A: I got this maybe ten years ago and I had this made too.

Q: See that's the thing, ten years ago, all the cottons were so different, free
of GMO's and....

A: Well, you can still get organic cotton.

Q: Yeah

A: For these only.

Q: Are there are a lot of chem trails in the San Diego

A: Well, yeah you got quite a bit today, I saw some streaking in the sky. I
mean, not like you do in Los Angeles

Q: But can I get that? I have the breath mask and if I go out, just fold that
cotton hankerchief and do it that way?

A: Yeah, you can do that way.

Q; Okay, that's what I want to know.

A: And if you are talking, then you want to have the mask covering your face
because you have a tendency to breath through your mouth when you are talking.

Q: .... covering your face when your out there?

A: If you're talking, see like this, when I have this on, when you talk you
have a tendency to breath through the mouth. So if I'm going to talk, in an
airplane, I got it down here. And I talk through it like that, because everybody
breaths through their mouth when they're talking. But otherwise I breath through
my nose and out my mouth, I've even trained myself where I can breath through my
nose and out my mouth while I'm asleep because I sleep on the planes. I force
myself to stay awake.

As soon as that plane starts moving, I can be asleep like a baby. So I force
myself to stay awake until I can get to where I can take my seatbelt off,
because I don't like that radiation being attracted to the buckle. As soon as
the plane is up there and they get the seat belt sign off, sometimes I don't
make it, I'm sleeping, I wake up, three hours later, seatbelts still there. But
I've learned to breath through my nose and out my mouth while I sleep. It took a
while.

A: Okay, do you have a question?

Q: Uh, oxidized cholesterol - is there anyway it comes from cooking
it...oxidize...

A: Well you can oxidize by cooking....eating cooked food or smoke, inhaling
chemicals...many ways to oxidize.

Q: Okay so Chemicals to

A: Yeah, many ways to ruin oxygen in your body. A lot of people ozonate and you
know eat ozonated olive oil and stuff like that,you are just robbing yourself of
oxygen.

Q: Even those ozone machines in the room.

A: You don't use an ozone machine in the room while you are in it. You can use
ozone and ionizing machines in a room you're not in, but you don't want to be in
the room while they are on.

Q: One more question, did you say your handkerchief was organic cotton or...

A: Its organic cotton

Q: Does it have to be organic in order to buy it?

A: No, well I would buy organic cotton because you'll be breathing in those
particles and it'll be lint I'm breathing. I want it to be organic cotton.

Q: Can you get it online?

A: Yeah, you can get it online.

Q: Like the handkerchief?

A: Just get the material, go to a material store and get some organic cloth.
You know just cut a section and if you have a sewing machine just bind the
edges, so it doesn’t fray, fragment, so it doesn’t fray.

Q: Okay. I've heard from different people about the baths, people don’t walk
anymore. You sent that email about using the pineapple. My question would be,
can you give us an update on changes in the baths since you wrote the book?

A: Before I used to say drink that pineapple mixture right before you get in
the bath or while you are in there when you first get in. I find that that is
inefficient over the years for a lot of people. So I found that if you eat it at
your normal fruit meal its going to be in your blood and in your digestive tract
being absorbed by the time you get into the tub at night. So I used to want the
fresh juices, you know activated. But I found that those aren’t as good as
mixing into the blood in the digestive tract with other nutrients and when its
bacterially assimilated and worked on it is better with the bacteria in the
intestines. So I found that eating the pineapple mixture at your regular fruit
meal and doing the baths at night, it is better.

Q: What if you take your bath before your fruit meal?

A: Not such a good idea but if you do then eat your fruit meal at a different
time of the day.

Q: I mean a lot of times I get up in the morning and after I've had my green
juice I just want to take my bath and be done with it.

A: Well then I would eat your fruit meal in the middle of the night.

Q: That far ahead of time?

A: Yeah. Five to six hours minimum is better. Eight or nine hours is good too.

Q: Okay and my question was basically, has anything else changed in the book
about baths?

A: Well I used to say do it in the afternoon but nobody can do it in the
afternoon.

Q: Whats that?

A: The hot baths.

Q: Oh

A: So do it in the evening. I say to everybody to get your ninety minutes in,
first thirty minutes you go in there you do it sleep time, get in the hot tub.
If you have a hot tub it's great because then you can go to sleep in it no
problem because it'll stay at that temperature. If you have a bathtub you'll
have to be awake every twenty minutes to let some water out and reheat it to get
hot. Also when it's so hot its hard to sleep because its a hundred and ten
degrees - when its a hundred and five its okay - but if you get heat prostration
you get a bowl of cold water with ice cubes floating on top and a wash rag in
it. When you get heat prostration and you can take it and you don’t want to be
in there anymore, take that cloth, wring it, put a little dab of clod water and
it'll run down your head and your face and then put your fists - not tight, open
fist - into the bowl up to here, to your high wrist. You hold it in there only
for two minutes. Now its the brain that doesn’t like to get hot so that'll go
from the bone right up into the skull bone. It cools the body pretty quickly.
The body loves heat; the brain doesn’t. So that chills it fast. So you got
another twenty-thirty minutes. Usually when that happens you do that and may
only do it one time and you don’t have to do it again.

Q: The problem is that a lot of people fall asleep and don’t wake up in time
to change the water.

A: They need a timer for every twenty minutes, like a little kitchen timer,
twenty minutes.

Q: I found that room temperature water poured on your face a little bit feels
fantastic because there’s still so much difference between the heat and you
know how hot your heat is. Just room temperature water.

A: I find that it doesn’t work for a lot of people. We get.

Q: Not for too long but it feels good

A: Yeah it does, but it doesn't work for some people who just can't breath and
need to get out and I don't want them to get out.

Q: Well, I got frost bite from putting a cold pack on the side of my face.

A: You're not suppose to put a cold pack, you're suppose to put a cold rag on
there. And not all ice cubes, an ice pack

Q: Well, I put an ice pack on top or a cold pack, I put on an old fashion type.
Put ice in that and when I get too hot , I just sit that here for a minute and
….its not direct on the skin though. It irritates the skin.

Q: What's the temperature of hot tubs?

A: 105 to 110, its up to you how hot you want it, no hotter than a 110. At 111
you start destroying your vitamins and enzymes in your skin. That's why saunas
and steam baths are horrible for the mucus membranes in your eyes and your
ears...so 105 minimum. 110 maximum, but you know when you are doing hot baths
with no heater, you get down to 102, than add water...if you want to do it every
12 minutes. You start 110, 111, goes to 105. Then you can heat it again. Heating
it every 12 minutes.

Q: What about the walk at the end?

A: You don't have to do that anymore. Most people can't do it.

Q: What if you do it?

A: It would be a wonderful thing if you can do it

Q: Oh, okay.

A: It'd be better to do it if you can do it but there’s an advantage if you
don’t do it because you get right under the covers and you stay warm the whole
night. So your going to be perspiring more; of course if you are walking hard
but then you're going to be using your nutrients to deal with the lactic acid
that’s building up through exercising.

Q: Can you rebound?

A: Yeah you rebound too.

Q: What happens with the lactic acid?

A: Lactic acid?

Q: You just said ah...

A: Well, when you have lactic acid your body has to use a lot of minerals to
neutralize that and change it over.

Q: What would you recommend for somebody...because you remember Dave right,
Dave who had the consult with you when I did?

A: Dave who? Oh yes right.

Q: He's extremely sensitive...extremely sensitive to the heat. His wife takes a
bath and he can't put his hand in there, so how would you get him up from not
being able to take heat in there.

A: Hot water bottles under the covers.

Q: Oh yeah, he does that actually.

A: Good

Q: … and as far as, would you recommend him doing like ninety eight and
building up to a hundred and five or what?

A: No, because it won't do much good. It is better he just heats the hot water
bottle and bed up at night - the air space in the bed.

Q: If someone did start doing the baths, could they start at a hundred and two
and do something.

A: Yeah, absolutely.

Q: So the hundred and two is okay?

A: It's not going to do anything at all under a hundred and two.

Q: Okay, but a hundred and two you get a little bit out

Q: What is it in the hot baths when you can't breathe, what's that due too?

A: You are moving all the poisons, all the nutrients. The red blood cells are
getting highly contaminated; you can't utilize the oxygen properly. The brain is
starting to throw off a lot of chemicals, especially aluminum.

Q: Whats a good way to clean out lactic acid.

A: Uh...Whey, and the sport formula.

Q: I have a tendency to gulp because it’s so hot and my mouth is dry.

A: You've just got to learn to sip it. Lets say you were having a tablespoon a
minute. In ninety minutes, that’s ninety tablespoons.That’s maybe forty five
ounces.

Q: That’s more than a quarter, so sip it, don’t take a straw...

A: No that’s okay, you can bring a straw, absolutely if you like a straw.
That’s how I trained myself to sip, I only drink through a straw. That way I
couldn’t gulp. I use a thin glass straw. So you know you've got to suck a
while to really get something

Q: I have that glass straw...

Q: Where would you find one of those?

A: I got it at a medical laboratory, they have different ones that are
different sizes

Q: What happens to the body when you do gulp the sports drink ?

A: Well any kind of fluid you gulp has a tendency to go to the kidney and is
not carried with the nutrients to the cells so it causes dehydration, especially
drinking cold fluids.

Q: I better use a table spoon in order to get the...because I have a wide glass
straw

A: Uh-huh well then put your tongue up against it so you have pressure behind
it

Q: Put the straw...

A: Put the straw on the tongue so it makes the hole smaller

Q: But its true. You can just have a little spoon...

A: Yeah but when you're sucking...when you suck ,you have all the enzymes like
in a baby... all the bacteria that comes out of the salivary glands so you
digest better. So I suck.

Q: I've been gulping, I go through two quarts easy in a bath.

A: So your pissing out probably too much, probably pissing out two thirds of
it. Your not utilizing it.

Q: Should you have cheese in the bath?

A: Yes, because you can be throwing up toxins in that hot bath.

Q: Oh okay, so we still should be...

A: I do, absolutely do when I get in that bathtub, poisons are gonna come out
in galore

Q; Because I can't wait ten minutes after the cheese in the bath...

A: That’s okay, you know just drink four minutes later or five minutes later,
whatever it is but you should only do that while your in the bath.

Q: You had cheese in the bath?

Q: Wait a minute, you take the cheese in the bath and don’t you have to wait
ten minutes?

A: When you're in the bath the laws can change, the rules can change.

Q: I went to Glen Ivy and I did your detoxification formula before I did...

A: The vegetable juice?

Q: No, the lime juice

A: That’s the lime juice

Q: Yeah and the coconut cream.

Q: The penicillin formula?

A: No, that’s not it. It pulls out industrial chemicals.

Q: That’s the Mango and kiwi formula?

A: Well it depends on the person

Q: Oh, so what was his detoxing formula?

Q: It was Lime Juice and coconut cream

Q: That’s it?

Q: What I wanted to continue was you know, the problem that I had seemed like
it affected my lungs. That was the only discomfort that I had.

A: You were throwing off metals from your lungs and the industrial chemicals
out of your lungs. On other people, it affects their livers. Wherever they have
the metals collecting is where you'll feel it, but yours were in the lungs.

Q: If you get palpitations I guess that would be the heart?

A: Yeah that’s the heart.

Q: At Glenn Ivy don’t they take your bags with any glassware in there.

Q: That’s true..what I did is I brought plastic and some ice water they let
me take it. It was a plastic container with ice water

A: That’s bad cause ice and plastic causes the phthalates to discharge.

Q: So what could you do with that if there’s new regulations?

A: Well I take my doctor's letter and say 'well, I have to take my food in
unless you can provide that food for me.

Q: Well, we need to get another hundred dollars for the letter.

A: Well, you've got one for flying?

Q: Yes

A: Then use the same one.

Q: Oh, well, it's only good for four months.

A: Good for four months, yeah well at Ivy they may take it once a year but for
flying sometimes they'll say ah...well you've got to have one fresh four months.

Q: Yeah, I actually had It work once. Once when I was coming back from Denver,
they actually accepted the letter and the first one when I went out in Burbank
for whatever reason my foods tested with their testers. They swab and if it's
positive in the swab, even though my luggage went through the xray and doubled
checked it, they tore up my luggage

A: They did that to me too

Q: What did they find that it went off?

Q: They swabbed the...

A: Nitroglycerin

Q: No, nitrates

A: Nitrates means that it may be nitroglycerin

Q: What is in a nitrate?

A: Usually honey, it'll be in honey or in manure, so if you've gone to a
farm...that’s why when you get those things at the airport that say have you
been on a farm, have you come in contact with animals. They want to know if your
going to set the alarms off with the nitrates because the nitrogen that’s in
there, the nitrates in the nitrogen, to tell whether you've been exposed to
nitroglycerin and if you've been exposed to nitroglycerin you know, honey has it
so I clean... Any time I go on a plane, the honey jar and the lids are
completely clean and spotless and then I put the lid on tightly.

Q: and the machine doesn’t pick it up?

A: Right but if there’s honey on the outside they can pick up the nitrates in
it, it'll send the machine crazy and then they'll go and tear everything apart,
absolutely everything. They'll go through every compartment in my bag and pull
everything out, they'll go through absolutely everything.

Q: The electric shaver had a high nitrate level which didn’t make any sense.

A: do you eat honey at all?

Q: Lots of it.

A: Okay, its in your hair and as you cut the hair with your shaver the nitrates
will be filling it a lot. If you didn’t eat honey it wouldn’t do that.

Q: Does coconut cream have nitrates?

A: Not enough to be detectable

Q: [Inaudible group talking]

Q: Was that remedy in the book, the coconut cream and the lime juice, was that
in your book?

Q: Oh, its one of the newsletters.

A: Yeah.

Q: Okay, okay

A: We have it on newletters and we have all of the PDF's on file so you just go
on the file you know and search there.

Q: Under industrial chemical?

A: No, lime juice, see if the lime juice pops up, that way you'll learn what
lime juice does in all of its context.

Q: Yeah, I know that soup is cooked and there might be a benefit to pulling
things out of the bone to actually drink.

A: Its all cauterized, the only thing you are going to get that is whole and
active is the poison metals from the bone. If you get any minerals it doesn’t
make any difference. Once you cauterize it, you are causing free radicals. You
see - minerals naturally in their raw form - they work together in a perfect
balance. Once you cook them; the calcium, the phosphorus and the magnesium are
crystallized, they harden. Either like a rock or like glass depending upon the
temperature,so they are no longer active. It takes twenty times more calcium to
do what calcium needs to do and it still doesn’t do it very well.

Q: Is there a way to pull out those minerals in a different way, like soak them
in something?

A: Not necessary; eat your cheese and honey together.

Q: There's no way from bone?

A: No, not that compares or better than cheese and honey. Bone marrow is
different; marrow is the only place your going to get a lot of stem cells

Q: Yeah?

A: Yeah so that’s good for that

Q: You can just get most of it just by pushing it out there and just eating it,
you don’t need to wait. The marrow is not really within the bone

A: It's in that center?

Q: I think for people on a cooked diet it would be somewhat beneficial for them

A: It would be, all its gonna do is create...do you remember John Travolta with
how thin he was and how thick he is now, remember Kevin Costner you remember
him?

Q: Yeah

A: Skinny, now he's thick all over

Q: Val Kilmer

A: Yeah, same way. These people eat lots of bone soups and broths and stuff
like that because of Sally Fallon, and then they have all these minerals that
they can't use in the fluid system so it goes into the bone - so they keep
developing all this bone and thick tissue.

Q: Does John Travolta follow that diet?

A: He does pretty much, yeah.

A: So the broths will allow you to absorb a lot of minerals but its going to be
thick and harden tissue, not to help clean lactic acid out of the body, not to
help neutralize anything in the blood or over acidity.

Q: Can you soak bones in warm water with apple cidar vinegar to pull out some
minerals?

A: It would take months...

Q: Months, okay

A: To get a balance out of it. If you've got a cup of water, I'd probably put
four drops of apple cider vinegar in it and then you put the bones in that and
leave it to sit for a few months, you might get some of that out

Q: You have never tried it?

A: Well, it's so time consuming and a hassle. I kept checking and checking...

Q: You actually did that?

A: Oh, I experimented with everything. Probably the thing that worked the best
was I took fresh bone and I had a good stainless steel hard grater and I grated
and shaved the bone and then let that soak for a week with some apple cider
vinegar and drank that.

Q: You would be getting the sharp part of that...

A: Sure, if you've got enough mucus then

Q: You'll be okay

A: Yeah, you'll be fine.

Q: You just break it down anyway in your stomach?

A: Yeah, the hydrochloric acid will break down the bone,.

Q: So four months it took you?

A: That was the longest, experimenting with hard and soft bone but the...the
grating, the longest I ever waited was two and a half weeks.

Q: You leave it outside in a jar?

A: Yeah

Q: Sealed with a lid?

A: I did it sealed and unsealed and it didn’t seem to make a difference.

Q: So you just grate the bone?

A: Grate the bone, yes

Q: How much did you grate down?

A: Well I grated it down a lot just because I was doing a lot of different
jars, experimenting in different ways. I did it in lemon juice; lemon juice
helps fermentation and it helps bacterial breakdown and fermentation but it
doesn’t work with bone very well.

Q: Which particular minerals are you talking about?

A: All of them

Q: Yeah

Q: All of them, I'm just saying a bone really has so much that you can't
extract in any other way but heating it seems, but I guess you could. Maybe from
putting it in something acidic I guess

A: Shaving; and putting it in something

Q: So your saying if you're cooking bones, that's what I'm saying in the
beginning, it seems like the only way to attract those, so you're saying if you
cooking bone in water, it actually extracts the minerals?

A: Yes it does. It breaks them down and they don't bind together anymore and it
destroys the ion attraction and magnetic sealing of it and then they'll break
fragments just like any cooked food does and if you're doing it in water of
course you get water penetrating in there as a solvent and you got them all
coming apart. So you free up those minerals but they are cauterized. So they're
good for building bone and hard skin but not live skin, not live bone. Say you
live in the desert and you go barefoot, you look at these Arabs and they've got
an inch and a half to two inches of callus. There are no live cells in there.
That's all dead cells, like a fibroid tumor. Well that’s the way when you
build that kind of mineral content, you don't build live cells you just build
mummified tissue....and it expands the girth but not the life.

Q: It would be hard to get rid of that once you grow that

A: Yeah absolutely. You have to start eating tons of vinegar to start
dissolving and getting rid of it and your going to dissolve your teeth and your
nerves and your going to have a lot of imbalances.

Q: It's not a good idea to do it then?

A: No you don't cook your bones to get that kind of minerals

Q: No I mean to grate it, I'm talking about.

A: Yeah..that's fine. That's a good way to get those minerals if you want bone
minerals. But, eat cheese and honey.

Q: yeah that's it.

A: So those actors are big because of all the cooking and the broths and stuff
like that....all that mineral that can't be in live tissue because it’s
cauterized. Then they build it into bone..and thickness of skin.

Q: So the body is not using the minerals?

A: look at me. I'm the same size as I was when I was a teenager.

Q: yeah

A: Same bone structure, nothing's grown.....I just saw my cousin today, I'm a
year and a half older, a year and nine months older than he is. His skin is
thick, he’s broadened, his nose is huge. I don't get all that because I don't
eat cooked food.. I don't have all the cauterized minerals to add all this
adipose tissue to my body....

Q: You're saying that the body's not using the minerals

A: Well they're using it to build tissue, girt, .but no life. Dead calcium...
everything.

Q: So the body's not doing anything?

A: No it's just like adding plaster

Q: It's not alive.

A: Yeah.....

Q: I guess that would be me too then, because as a teenager I was a skinny kid.

A: Yeah but I met you and you already had girth.

Q: Yeah

A: You haven’t gotten bigger, in fact you've gotten slimmer faced. So you're
losing some of it..and your arms, your forearms, your wrists are smaller. I'm
watching you over the years. I get to see you often so I watch you. And I love
that you always keep a big tummy. When I got that big 47 inch waist, it was the
best I ever felt and I had never gone up above 39 before that, so when I went
from a 39 to a 47 I had never had to put my pants down under my tummy before but
I felt so good.

Q: It's very nurturing isn’t it?

A: Oh it phenomenal!

Q: I was talking to Joseph, he saw mine, I said I've always had it, I always
want this maternal feeling around me.

A: Well, you know, since I got these injections I feel the pain, I feel
nauseous all that stuff I never used to feel, like I felt after chemotherapy,
and when I got fat that was the most relaxed I have ever felt since those
injections

Q: Do you recommend in the summer going down or going up in weight?

A: That's up to you, I say keep your fat and don't get rid of it, but you know
I go to Asia and I start to do actual physical stuff. Like I just got a swimming
pool, you know I built a swimming pool to the shape of a mango, you know
different levels of it so you can wade in it, you can do the deepest is 9 foot
and I've got a diving board to dive into it, so its fed from a stream where I
put a dam in it so it goes in and I built - I had designed - they built it a
waterfall and I had all these mechanical things made for jets to run a belt and
wheel and I got a generator made to create power. So just with filling up the
swimming pool that goes down into a fish pond and that goes into another fish
pond, I use all of that water in multiple ways and I have no filter on the
swimming pools, so it’s great algae. There's always new water flow....and then
it doesn’t get so green you can't see down in there. But still green full of
algae and algae eats metals, so algae gets into the skin and eats the metals and
pulls them out, so that's why I had that and I was able to, two weeks ago I was
there, not even 8 days ago I was there swimming in my swimming pool for the
first time.

Q: Algae, what about drinking algae?

A: Wonderful

Q: What’s the form of algae to drink?

A: Well, algae isn't alive in water, its just gonna pass through you like
vegetable fiber. So algae if you're eating it in powder form is not going to be
digestible. Every time I check the feces of people who ate it, I always found
98% of it in the feces. Only 2% seemed to absorbed or was hiding in the feces
you know, where I couldn't detect it. When you test like that, you have to
dissolve the feces in water and then you have to use something to separate the
algae from it - a certain type of filter. Like a thousand micrometers to get the
whatever you want out of it, so its like mining for gold and its sticky and
messy. So you have to do it by hand. I always found 98%, it could have been 100%
but at the best its 98% but in chlorella I found 7% was not found in the feces.
So 7% of it, so what that means is if you are only digesting a fraction, only
have a tiny bit of chlorella you know. Have a BB amount of it or something like
that; have just a tiny amount.

Q: Why is that?

A: I just said, because you won't digest or absorb it. Otherwise it's waste,
expensive waste. And when it's in dry form like that, you're not going to digest
it anyway. So put it in your vegetable juice. When you make your vegetable
juice, put a little bit into each vegetable juice and then when you get to it,
it will already be liquid. So when you put it in the body you can start breaking
it down. When it's dry, that kind of bacteria we have - we're not cows we're not
horses, we're not goats or sheep - they have the enzymes which are highly fluid.
And they'll go into dry vegetation and break it down. We don't do that. That's
why we don't handle vegetation raw. So you drink vegetable juice so when you
hydrate that chlorela, it's already starting to come alive again and the
bacteria eats live things in our bodies. It eats live things we eat. That's why
the Eskimos even though they make pemmican every year, dried meat, with fat,
they'll make a 90 pound block of it for each person, in case they can't find
food in the winter and its just in case and when the spring comes around, if
they haven't eaten it, they bury it. They won't it eat. Enzyme deficient. The
enzymes that are deficient are not going to digest the vitamins as well. You're
not going to digest everything as well. So your health is going to decrease.
Eskimos won't do it. They'll bury it.

Q: So how do you get fresh algae?

A: You have to get chlorela, or you just have to find a pond that you...

Q: Yeah

A: You can do it where you are. Don't put it where the chemtrails can dump into
it, .but just have a bowl of good drinking water, and if you've got
Gerolsteiner, shake all the carbonation out of it, because the carbonation will
destroy anything. It's like a natural hydrogen peroxide; it can bleach like if
you take Gerolsteiner or Perrier or any of them and put it over an old blood
stain, it pulls it right out, even an old blood stain. But if you leave it on it
will also start taking the dye out of your clothes. Or your furniture, wherever
it is, its a natural form of hydrogen peroxide, so if you use that it won't let
the algae grow. So let some water sit, let it start, take a little vegetable
juice, a few drops in it, that will help.

Q: Could I put it under an umbrella?

A: That would help. Just remember, algae eats rock. So you have to put rocks in
with the water or you have to make some kind of a clay vessel where algae can
eat away at the metal. You don't want any glaze on it; concrete, you can use
concrete that doesn't have excessive lye in it.

Q: What about just a glass of water?

A: That will never never turn algaeic. Algae eats rock.

Q: Okay so what kind of container?

A: Like I said, clay, concrete, porcelain. But if its porcelain it can't be
glazed, or fired. But you're not going to get as much algae growing in porcelain
because there's not a lot of metals in it.

Q: I ordered some chlorela and put half a teaspoon.

A: That's too much, I would adjust that.

Q: Well then, how much?

A: Maybe an eighth of a teaspoon per 8 ounces of vegetable juice.

Q: Eighth of a teaspoon, then you just stir it in and drink it the next day?

A: Or days later, when you make vegetable juice how many days do you?

Q: Three days

A: Okay then some of them will be three days old.

Q: Only put it in one then?

A: No, I'd put it in all of them. But you're just putting a small amount.

Q: And then you mix in in?

A: Correct.

Q: You said better to put on weight and hold it? What about the weight loss
thing?

A: Let your body go into a flu or a cold and lose it.

Q: Don't go on the weight loss you are saying?

A: Well, I don't mind because you've had so many vaccines, so much medication
injected into you, probably the most I've ever seen besides military people.
Your mother really did a job on you.

Q: She didn't do it on me I did it on myself when...

A: You did on yourself?

Q: I had different vaccines for flu and anything

A: Your mother didn’t get you vaccinated you when you were a child? You are a
Californian?

Q: Yeah. I had to go to school; I took the polio vaccine - the polio sugar
cube.

A: Yeah, but that was a cube. I'm talking about injections. If you're in
California, at your age you had to have at least 18 vaccines, now its 48 or 58.

Q: So you're saying that if a person has been vaccinated 20 times or more, it's
good to put on weight and reduce, put on weight and reduce.

A: Yes, force it out

Q: I didn't quite understand what you meant about the rest of us....

A: Better just to keep the weight on and go into a cold or a flu for it to take
it off.

Q: Oh, because I don't take off weight when I have a cold or flu, I don't think
I do.

A: you don't?

Q: Maybe I just didn't notice.

A: Weigh yourself.

Q: Yeah.

A: When you start a flu weigh yourself at the beginning and weigh yourself at
the end. You probably lose about 4 pounds. 2-4 pounds.

Q: So forget about doing the weight loss.. because I was going to do it again
this winter?

A: Weight loss in the winter? Do weight loss in the summer.You need too many
nutrients in the winter; that's what I'm trying to say.

Q: The reason I do it in the winter is because in the summer its so hot, I'm so
thirsty, I just drink tons of milk and I can't lose any weight.

A: Oh I see, that's because you gulp. You get a straw, a glass straw and you
suck it through. You're goint to find that you drink less, you're going to feel
better, and you're not going to be as thirsty. When 80% of the water is leaving
your milk and going to your kidney and not getting in the cells, you're
dehydrating. You've got all this incredible amount - it's like eating cheese -
its going to dehydrate you. You've got all these minerals and all these
nutrients to get to the cells and they need to go in and hold water to do that,
and then the cell gets the water. But if you're gulping, most of that is just
going right to the kidneys.

Q: So gulping makes me more thirsty?

A: Yes. that's because the body says (gasp) I need this water! And then all of
a sudden it doesn't get it cause most of its dumping into the kidneys. You are
giving your body a false promise

Q: So should I forget about the weight loss thing?

A: You're not in a bad shape. This poor girl is in a bad shape so...

Q: Oh my god.

A: I wouldn't worry about it. When your body wants to take it off, it will go
into a cold or a flu. If you go into a heavy pain cycle you could eat a little
bit more, your honey butter or the pain formula to get through it, and then when
that's over you might want to go through a short maybe three or four week weight
loss period, take advantage of that. Otherwise, just let a cold or a flu take it
off of you, let you're body decide when its ready. Her body is so confused I
have to force her, force the body.

Q: But when I have a cold or flu I don’t change my diet for weight loss, I
just do the cold and flu remedies.

A: Yes, cold and flu but that's a different diet all together.

Q: Yeah

A: That's a smoothie and milkshake. And if you sip them you won't take as much.
Q; I have to buy a glass straw.

A: A glass straw, absolutely.

Q: What about a spoon I think if you did a spoon it would...

A: No, because then you're not getting your saliva and all your bacteria in
it....

Q: When I use a straw it goes straight in the back, it doesn't, I protect my
teeth that way, so I'm not really getting the saliva when I use the straw.

A: Then run it over the top of your tongue and through your teeth. So you're
really sucking hard and you'll find all that saliva passes into your mouth with
the fluid

Q: So I put it in my mouth and swish it around; its more beneficial.

A: Yes absolutely, but you have to understand that these glands are made to
secrete fast by sucking. You know you swish around you have to swish it around
but if you're sucking, it pours out.

Q: If you suck?

A: It pours out. So you don’t have to swish it around in your mouth.

Q: How do you suck on it? Do you take the straw do you put your tongue in the
center?

A: No you put it on, give me the straw....

Q: Okay.

A: This is why I just don't worry about bacteria, suck it out so you don't drip
it all over. I will put the straw on my tongue.

Q: Oh on your tongue on the tip of your tongue.

A: Suck it off the top, and when you have a narrow passage like that, boy
that's a big straw, that's for sucking soups. I've got different sizes of
narrower.

Q: You said you suck it off the top? Oh, okay and put your lips on it. Exactly
like that?

A: Well, not with my tongue hanging out like this. Like I said mine are half
this wide.

Q: I should get the narrower straw?

A: Yeah half of this.

Q: Why? Isn’t that a good one?

A: There is no strain on the glands to bring some up if it's that big

Q: it doesn’t come up, nothing.

A: okay then put it in front of your teeth, suck it through your teeth. See?

Q: So do you want some air to go through the side like how you are showing?

A: No, you wanna suck. The power of sucking.

Q: If I do that, yeah that would be good.

A: Yeah.When the fluids hit your tongue the whole body reacts. But I mean when
you are sucking it through your teeth onto your tongue its going to be the same
way. See the way she's doing it right now. See? You know if I had a big straw
like that my tongue would be in front of my teeth and I would be sucking very
hard, stream through my teeth and have to stream over my tongue. When you see me
drink this, you never see me do anything other than suck. I go like this
[slurping noise]. I am sucking over my tongue, I’ve got my teeth and
everything, lips and everything hard together. So I will be getting barely a
stream. I’ve no more than a tablespoon just then. I suck.

Q: What do I do for shaking and being jittery?

A: Look at your hands and your skin; you are a high
adrenaline-estrogen-testosterone individual. You create a lot of hormones for
physical activity. If you don't utilize that physical activity and physical
expression, you're going to have to put it out in emotional expression. You will
degenerate. So when you get on this diet, you get the raw cream and the nerves
start settling down. And if you exercise enough, you won't degenerate anymore.

Q: You don't mean like tai chi, or that kind of exercise?

A: Any kind of exercise you enjoy, dancing, singing; singing is the most
strenuous.

Q: Do you know how you get in these blockades where there are really not a
choice, like I have one hip because I was born with two shallow hips so a lot of
exercise is not particularly good.

A: What did I just say?

Q: Singing!

Q: Oh singing, I didn't hear that,

A: 20 minutes of singing is an hour on a treadmill.

Q: He told me that like three years ago and the chanting is just healing.

A: Always explore and experiment first and then you find out the truth.

A: Everything you have learned is wrong.

Q: So this testosterone do you mind saying a little bit more about it?

A: Well, certain people create a lot of hormones for physical activity. And you
can tell that by the activity rings. Most Iridologist’s call them stress
rings. Only stress rings if people who don’t exercise don’t utilize those
hormones for physical activity. If you don't utilize them, spend them in
physical activity, You will spend them in anxiety, which causes ticks,
nervousness, anger and anxiety of all sorts. And I can't tell without
photographing your eyes to see how many activity rings you have, but I can tell
by your skin, you have high activity hormones in your skin. Your whole life, and
everybody who has them, there's no change in life. If they have been
debilitated, you don't get the joy of utilizing your physical hormones for
physical expression, you are utilizing only your bad health, because hormones
are 60-80% fat; the body will use them for chelating with poisons if you don't
eat enough fat.

Q: I haven't been able to eat any fats since 1995, what about cheese? I don't
think I can.

A: Absolutely, cheese and honey.

Q: Cheese and honey

A: It will stabilize your nerves, it has to be unsalted.

Q: ...probably at whole foods huh?

A: . I think organic pastures makes no salt cheese, available at some stores

Q: Hardly any there. Most of the ones I've seen the last couple years are all
slightly salted.

A: No, you're not ordering it. You have to ask them to order it.

Q: I get heartburn a lot now, especially at night and in the morning, and I
never used to get that. Only occasionally, and all of a sudden I'm getting it
almost daily. How do I stop that?

A: Well, you can't really. You have acids and poisons that are dumping out
around the heart all around the esophagus, into the esophagus, so the only thing
you can do to help it dump out faster is to eat milk shakes. Build lots of mucus
so it will pour out the mucus.

Q: During the day?

A: All the time, just make a couple of milkshakes and all through out the day,
just sipping on it.

Q: So from this to this?

A: Might, but that's what you need. That's how much you need to bind those
poisons. Like these poisons I just couldn't handle anymore so that's why I went
for a 47 inch waist, felt the best I had felt since I was injected 4years ago.

Q: So milk shakes?

A: Yep. Build the mucus - because those poisons are going through your
esophagus. That's burning the esophagus lining, that's what heart burn is. So if
you had mucus there to absorb it and pull it out of your esophagus you won't
have so much burn. It's when metals pass things through, because you don’t
have enough mucus.

Q: So if I think I'm allergic to milk, your sure raw milk is fine?

A: Yeah, you just have to remember don’t drink it cold. And sip it.

Q: You mean bring it out of the refrigerator room temperature?

A: However long it takes for yours to get to room temperature. I take mine out
at least the night before sometimes 24 hours. It's up to you.

Q: What is the combination for the milk shake? For his specific?

A: It's what is in the book. Its fine. And don't put ginger with it, like I
tell a lot of people to do. That will thin the mucus.

Q: Do you know why bone marrow has more red in it, more blood in it, and
sometimes they're white.

A: That particular area is generating a lot more red blood cells. Normally you
have a balance of red and white blood cells. See, that’s where your red and
white blood cells divide, mature, and then they enter the blood stream. So that
place where you have a lot of red is where it's going where the red blood cells
are entering the blood stream.

Q: Okay and that's good?

A: That's wonderful. Just more concentrated in red blood cells than in white
blood cells in that area..

Q: Value lost by freezing bone marrow?

A: 80% of the value, its better to eat it rotten and stinky. Protein could be
more, but fats are 80% and bone marrow is predominantly fat.

Q: What about refrigerating? Does refrigerating do anything?

A: It lowers bacteria levels. That's why you leave it out to get room
temperature, to get the bacteria going.

Q: … honey with bone marrow?

A: It's risky

Q: Oh, why is it risky?

A: Because the honey will alter some of the protein. And it will alter the stem
cell effect. It will just act like butter and honey and its a heck of a waste of
stem cells.

Q: How about tiny little drops of lemon or lime with it?

A: Lime no. Lemon would probably be okay. Lime is antibacterial. Antimicrobial.

Q: But its okay to put on fish

A: No, lemon is, lemon incites bacterial fermentation

Q: I know, but today he put some lime with the lemon on the fish.

A: Its okay, its better you don’t put lime on any kind of meat.

Q: So my whole life I have suffered with constipation and digestion issues and
its better on the Primal Diet, but there are still sometimes that I don't know
how to bring in a lot of food, if I drink a lot of milk shakes

A: Slowly?

Q: not really

A: That will dehydrate you and you're going to urinate it out. The way you can
tell is if your drinking a quart of fluid a day, you should only be urinating a
cup. So if you collect your urine for the day and how much fluid - if it's not
one fourth of what you've consumed – you are chugging your fluids. You should
be absorbing and utilizing 75 percent and only 25 percent urinating. Otherwise
you are drinking your fluids too fast and that will cause dehydration.

Q: … and that causes constipation?

A: Yes, absolutely

Q: I think sometimes there’s a blockage when I go to the bathroom, like
sometimes a squeeze through this thin thing,

A: What texture is it?

Q: Its soft

A: Your not constipated, your body is getting everything it can.

Q: I had the same issue and found that eating an avocado in the evening...

A: Well avocado is very difficult to digest...

Q: Avocado is not good you said?

A: Well it's good but half of it is just going to pass out with the feces.

Q: Well at least it helps...

A: I wouldn’t suggest it. At least not for her....no she doesn't have the
dryness that you have.

Q: Then what would be the difference then, what would she...?

A: Well I just told her she needs to sip things and it helps a lot. If your
fecal matter was coming out very hard and then soft, it would mean that your
colon is just starved for fats, fresh fats. So you could just inject some raw
cream or coconut cream and butter into your rectal area and let it all absorb in
there so you get the fresh fat.

Q: Like an enema?

A: Yeah, like a suppository. Just take like three tablespoons of butter, three
tablespoons of cream and coconut cream, 1/4 teaspoon of honey and put it in a
jelly jar, shake it, put it in a bowl of hot water, not hot enough to burn your
hands for about five, six seconds. It's long enough if it doesn't burn your hand
but makes it a little uncomfortable, it's perfect. Then after about four
minutes, you take a bulb syringe if you've got an eight ouncer. And you got four
and a half ounces of fluid. You want to squeeze it all out and suck it up only
till you have all the fluid in there. Don’t open it up because then you'll
have a lot of air in you. And that can be painful so you open it up until you
have enough of the ingredients in there and then you, on all fours, bark like a
dog, squirt it in yourself and then when you're down, get down and you know get
down on all fours. You can put it this way or this way or any way you like after
its in there and you go down on your face this way, on your hands and knees and
roll your stomach like a belly dancer, up to your descending colon, and then lie
on your right side for about four minutes and you don’t have to do it fast or
hard, lift your left leg and roll your stomach again. And move over to the
transverse colon and down the ascending colon.

Q: Okay

A: Just four minutes on each side, so four, four, four. Four minutes in the hot
water, four minutes down on your stomach, you know, while you are down on your
face and your buttocks up in the air and right side. Do that, left leg up. Its a
four ounce jelly jar, so four, four, four, four. And when a person does that on
high anxiety and have depression, that relieves depression sometimes like that
for weeks and months, because the nervous system isn’t getting... see, the
colon digests everything that goes to the nervous system and brain. So if that
doesn’t get that, if your upper, smaller intestines absorb everything, your
brain and nervous system don’t get much. So, when you feed it directly, the
brain and nervous system get it all. All that fresh stuff, so it changes on you,
if a person is depressed, give them the high meat they'll be instantly happy for
a day, maybe two days. Maybe a week but they'll still go back into depression
fast after. When you put the cream and the fats - the dairy cream - into the
colon, you've got enough nutrients there for maybe two weeks, three weeks or one
month. Feed the nervous system. .

Q: Does pineapple work for constipation?

A: For some people it does. For some people it helps them have movements. You
have to experiment and see what things do for you. And if its consistent, Okay?

Q: beet juice?

A: Beet juice is high in chlorine - natural chlorine, not chlorine in
chemicals. Chlorine helps; it is predominantly hydrochloric acid so it helps
build hydrochloric acid. Hydrochloric acid helps better digestion. It also helps
the liver make better bile. Pineapple does that too.

Q: Okay and what about the aching with my joints, that just sort of comes and
goes?

A: That's when you have poisons. Look how gray your skin is. You're throwing
poisons out the joints. So the sports formula - you just sip on that through out
the day and that’s going to help neutralize those poisons coming out the
joints.

Q: Okay and that in addition to the bath or are those two separate things?

A: No a bath helps get rid of that stuff faster out the skin so that it
doesn’t fill up the joints. So it doesn’t hang up in the skin.

Q; The milk is building mucus?

A: Only when its involved in a milkshake. When you have milk with egg, extra
cream, and honey, you're going to build a lot of mucous.

Q: And if you have it by itself?

A: It takes care of everything evenly.

Q; So if I add ginger grated you said it will thin the mucus?

A: Thin the mucous, it won't stop creating the mucous.

Q: What does that mean?

A: Let's say you've got really thick mucous and you can't cough it out or it
comes out in a thick glob you want to thin it a little.

Q: So is that a good thing?

A: If it's too thick to bring up its not good.

Q: Okay.

A: You need to thin it a little bit with some ginger.

Q: So its good.

A: Yeah.

Q: Ginger, does it have to be juiced?

A: You can grate it in milkshake and blend it in the milkshake

Q: Okay

A: That’s the best way to do it if you want to thin the mucus.

Q: Okay

A: Otherwise its just going to go in your stomach lining and irritate.

Q: So milkshakes are a good way to protect the lungs?

A: Absolutely. Just remember, all of your mucus membranes have to have mucus.
The way I tell people is have you ever tried to have sex with someone without
having mucus down there? You're gonna be raw and red and soar and abraised. If
you eat food and you have no mucus lining it, you breath, you've got dust in the
air. If you don’t have mucus to keep the dust or the pollen or whatever it is
from going into your mucus membranes into the tissue, You're going to have
problems, you're going to have allergies.

Q: So you need mucus, not just for the lungs but for all areas.

A: … everywhere inside the body.

Q: Okay so is there any other thing other than milkshakes to produce healthy
mucus?

A: That's the only one. Only one that I found.

Q: And to detox the lungs you got that egg and and orange juice formula?

A: That helps.

Q: Anything else that helps you detox lungs?

A: Well, I have egg - well it's an orange julius so its cream, egg, and orange.
Cut it and take the seeds out

Q: Yeah and then you blend it with...

A: Milk, egg, honey, and cream. It help the lungs detoxify. I wouldn’t have
more fruit than that per day unless you have pneumonia. Then you could have one
milkshake and two smoothies. Just orange julius smoothies.

Q: So that portion for the orange julius?

A: Depends upon the person, I give a ball park figure in the book

Q: Which is in what book?

A: The recipe book. If I were going to do it per individual, I would go by how
dry the skin is. I would go for a little bit more cream if the skin is terribly
dry and you're bleeding in your nose and in your mucus then I would add a tiny
bit of butter along with it into that orange julius. But I would make the orange
no more than one third of the whole mixture.

Q: What is good for gums?

A: Cheese and honey

Q: I had a real problem with cheese, made me very constipated for me, any
cheese.

A: Yeah

Q: I used to drink whey and I stopped doing that because it was so
constipating.

A: You're just going to have to do suppositories; see you're almost as dry as
she was when I first met you. And I think your body is still starving for fats
in your colon. So using suppositories I think is the only way your going to do
it. And if you've done the suppositories and the cream, butter, and cream
doesn't work for you, get rid of the coconut cream and just use more of the
dairy cream and the normal amount of butter. So you use three tablespoons of
dairy cream and three tablespoons of butter and that quarter teaspoon of honey.
Leave out the coconut cream. That way, you wont be detoxing with the coconut
cream; you'll only be strengthening and building your intestinal tract, your
bowel. If you get constipated and you don’t have a block in your intestines -
if you don’t have severe pain along with it, you don’t have a blockage - it
means you don’t have a collapsed colon. That means your body is just absorbing
so much of everything that you eat, and it's not getting enough fats in the
colon to be satisfied so it's just holding on to your feces too long, pulling
out everything. If you have a bowel movement every 24 hours and its getting that
dry, that’s a sign that you've got good digestion. It's just not enough of the
proper kinds of fats in your colon. So do that for this next time until I come
back in July and let me know how it goes.

Q: I got a rash on my legs after the trips to Glen Ivy hot springs and your
facial cream worked.

A: Yeah good. See I tell you, you just need to get the poisons out of the body
with the heat first and then the poisons are out. When they're trapped in the
skin, they're going to keep doing damage to the skin because they're locking up
in the connective tissue underneath the skin and passing through the skin a
little at a time and it abraises the tissue. When you get into the hot bath like
at Glenn Ivy and you spend the day in there, you've got like five hours in there
where you are constantly perspiring those poisons out. Now the next wave that
comes under the skin again, if another wave does come, you need to do the same
thing again because those poisons are either coming from your muscles or your
bones and it has to get to the skin again, under the skin and then it has to
pass through the skin. So if you move it fast with long hot baths and then put
the the Primal Facial (tm) body care cream there on top, you strengthen those
cells while they're cleaning. And they get to absorb anything. But if the
poisons are locked in the skin, the poisons have a tendency to hold on to the
fat molecules.

Q: Could you divert it by eating cheese and divert it to the stomach? Instead
of in the skin?

A: In the legs it's hard to do. Not too far away, it just doesn’t happen very
often. That's the problem I had. I ate a lot of cheese trying to get it out from
my legs. It stopped all of the bursting of my flesh here, but not in my legs.

Q: Coating the rash with cheese did help.

A: Yeah, it drew it out

Q: I coated a rash, I put some cheese on a rash.

A: Those are alkalanizing minerals to pull it out.

Q: When he's eating cheese with honey what does it do?

A: To absorb and get your concentrated minerals, you mix a slight bit of honey
with the cheese. It's one third honey . So if it's three tablespoons of cheese,
it would be three teaspoons of honey. I even do less. If I'm having three
tablespoons of cheese, I only have one and a half to 2 teaspoons of honey to
digest my cheese. Then you get all this mineral concentration to help the nerves
and the whole system. I have to eat a lot because of all the mineral loss from
all those poisons in my body.

Q: I was feeling mucusy and I read a book about horse radish and lemon juice.

A: Yeah, but they can really cause irritation and so much mucus loss. They
would rip the mucus off the intestinal lining. That horse radish should be used
in very small amounts. And lemon demineralizes the body too much.

Q: Oh. I know what I wanted to ask you about was that mercury formula. I have
been doing that five days a week now so that's going to take out vaccines? Or
just mercury?

A: That will absolutely help. Just make sure you are eating that cheese still,
constantly eating that cheese.

Q: Yeah cheese 10 minutes before.

A: Yeah and also in between every 20 minutes

Q: After 30 minutes you told me

A: After 30 minutes yes. Okay

Q; Storing food in stainless steel? Yes? No?

A: You attract a lot of radiation to metal. It's not a good idea; use glass.

Q: When you attract a lot of radiation to metal....

A: What do you use as antennas? Metal is an antenna for any kind of radio
waves, wifi waves, you name it.

Q: Okay, so the food is in the metal and it attracts radiation.

A: Yes and will just broadcast right through your food

Q: CorningWear is good, right?

A: Yeah.

Q: What about the metal tops that are on the glass jars?

A: The food Is not touching it, and won't broadcast through unless you fill it
way to the top like you do in vegetable juice... but you also have the
refrigerator and the walls are blocking it. If you are carrying around a metal
container with your fluid in it, you're going to get into your body and your
hand going up all through your body in your food and then you're drinking it
too. You are just adding all that radiation to the body.

Q: So if you wanted something that was non breakable, a container to carry a
liquid drink in, what would you use?

A: Lexan.

Q: That's a plastic.

A: A very hard plastic. I don’t like it, if it gets hot, if the sun hits it,
the phthalates are going to move into it. So you have to take it out of the sun;
you can't let it get over 102 degrees.

Q: Do you take fluids on airplanes?

A: I take four quarts. I take four of these with me on my flight because I've
got a doctors letter.

Q: High meat and high eggs - do you eat those on an empty stomach? Should it be
separated from every other thing? Like meat, on an empty stomach and nothing
eaten afterwards or you can eat it with a regular meat meal or....

A: You can combine it with a normal meat meal.

Q: How many times do you crack the eggs to get them high?

A: All the way around ... get it cracked all the way around, then you put it
near the sun where it stays warm.

Q: What do they do

A: Feed the brain and nervous system. I've got people who only do high meat,
only do high eggs. They don't eat anything fresh. And they are the funniest,
happiest people in the world. One fella reached two pounds a day and he is the
greatest person I know.

Q: Blending vegetables instead of juicing?

A: Terrible, because - what those will do is - the pulp stays in there and
alkalinizes your intestines. So you don’t digest your dairy and meats well,
and eggs.

Q: Even if its done separately from your eggs?

A: It doesn't make any difference because those particles lag. You need to get
unalkalinized before having juice so wait 6 weeks. In order to eat the fiber,
you have to have alkalinizing enzymes and bacteria that were acidic. Everything
is acidic, so you are not going to digest properly if your body has gone to the
point of making enzymes and digestive juices for alkalinizing material. You
would be between a rock and a hard place, and you're not going to digest either
very well.

Q: Has your eating schedule changed since the recipe book?

A: Yes, you eat cheese first thing in the morning and have butter with it if
you have a tendency towards constipation. So let's say for a big guy - like your
size - I'd say two tablespoons of cheese, a teaspoon of butter.

Q: First in the morning?

A: Next after that, to get the brain going so you don’t have a lot of sugar
in your nervous system and so the brain functions and focuses properly, you eat
eggs, two to three eggs, five to ten minutes apart.

Q: And then go into the regular schedule?

A: Yes. Then in between, throughout the day in between the meat meal and your
fruit meal, you are sipping on the milk and sport formula... and eating cheese
periodically. to absorb the poisons all day long. So the cheese is added and the
sport formula is added.

Q: Early in the morning, why do you have the cheese?

A: It will absorb all the poisons that have dumped into the stomach and
intestines.

Q: And what quantity of cheese per person?

A: All different; it depends on your size and level of toxicity

Q: So I am living in a house with eight people right now and two guys out of
eight people have chlamydia and they have both taken two doses of antibiotics
and it hasn't gone away, and I don't really know what to tell them because you
don't really believe in STD's [Sexually Transmitted Disease] right?

A: Well it's not an STD, but any fungus can change bodies because fungus lives
in the skin or in the tissues inside. That and crabs, lice - they're contagious.
So yeah, but if you put lime juice where you think you might be subjected to it,
it will kill it.

Q: Put lime juice where? Its not on skin

A: Well they would have to have the lime juice formula.

Q: What would you do for the lice? My granddaughter had some kids in school who
had lice.

A: Lime juice and honey.

Q; Just eating that?

A: No. Put it on the body. Very little honey,three quarters cup of lime juice
and one teaspoon of honey.

Q: And they drink it?

A: No, no, no, that's to put on the body wherever the lice are. You can do the
same thing with chlamydia but you drink it, like three ounces of lime juice with
three tablespoons of honey and one tablespoon of lemon juice. And four
tablespoons of coconut cream. You have to have that two times a day if they got
it really bad. For about six days.

Q: Well, the antibiotic is not working so well.

A: Antibiotics will kill them.

Q: Yeah.

A: Five days of antibiotics destroy one percent of the body. On this diet you
could just recover two and a half percent a year. If you're not on this diet,
you won’t recover anything. Five days on the antibiotic will destroy 1% of the
bodies activity.

Q: My daughter had lice once if I could just share this really quickly. I just
got rid of them with salt water. The little eggs, they contracted

A: They dry out

Q: Yeah they respond fast

A: It really damages the skin.

Q: The salt water?

A: Yeah, but that's okay. If you rinse it off fast.

Q: So my question is about the Primal facial body care skin formula one time at
one of the potlucks you said you would change that formula a little bit from
what you had in the books and I didn't catch what the change was.

A: You can alter it instead of putting butter in it, you can put bone marrow to
add stem cells to the skin. And that would be better for you.

Q: Does royal jelly add stem cells?

A: You can't get it unfrozen any freezing destroys the stem cells. You cannot
get royal jelly unfrozen.

Q: So it's no good to eat the royal jelly anymore?

A: Not good anymore, you have to ask them to stop freezing it and demand it
from the Honey companies.

===

QA_SD_2013_05_26
