?
title=News

> Everybody will be able to take care of themselves if I give everybody enough
information.
+
+
~ Aajonus Vonderplanitz, LA, April 4th, 2011.

# News

## 2021-02-12

Sections "Remedies", "Recipes" and "Foods" are now removed, they weren't worked
on anyway, but now a more good-looking alternative appeared: @(https://healthfully.ai)
+
Site is made by an old acquaintance of mine, good stuff.

## 2020-11-07

There has been a recent resurgence of new Aajonus materials shared from
different sources. Some new interviews, lectures, etc. I am not willing to
replace a perfectly good torrent a lot of people have shared already. It has 10+
reliable seeds, and it would be a hassle to find all those people to replace it,
maybe somebody even shared it on other sites. Point is - we have decided to make
another torrent file "aajonus2.torrent", which we will compile and add to it all
the new info we have as of today. Any other new additions will also be shared
this way, by making a new torrent and putting it on the site. If you have any
new info on Aajonus, please <a href="mailto:aajonus.online@pm.me">contact us</a>.

God bless you all, and we wish you splendid health :)

## 2020-05-14

Ebrahim has finally released his video recording of Aajonus, it's not
included in the torrent file, so for now watch it on @(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5a-zdhp9zcM).
+
If it is ever to be taken off of youtube, i will update the torrent.
+
If you want to download the video use this link: @(https://www.youtubepp.com/watch?v=5a-zdhp9zcM).
