?
title=Aajonus May Have Faked His Death

# Aajonus May Have Faked His Death

As a recent primal dieter, I went to examine what really happened 6
years ago. Here I will give timestamps and quote the interview as well
as write my thoughts in parenthesis as to why I think it's a story
and why I think Aajonus faked his death.

Please watch the @[video](https://youtube.com/watch?v=eP-1ehLG9PA) along with the
timestamps to see what I mean.

# Overall comments

* Lucky and Wasma are laughing and smiling a lot in the video, especially
around Aajonus' death, corpse and ashes -> red flags
* Lucky, Wasma describe how weak the fencing is, the way they describe
it and the conversation going forward seems like they are trying to
convince you that he really died
* Lucky, Wasma and interviewer (Paul K.) are in on the secret

===

7:09

> Lucky: this was the worse construction I've ever seen, ever. The boards were
literally breaking, the pathway up to the lake.

7:16

> Interviewer: and during your journey up there, you actually broke them just
walking in
>
> Lucky: I broke 2 boards.

7:23

Wasma looks at Lucky. Gives a big laugh.
Lucky gives a look at Wasma.

7:43

> Lucky: it was a hard place to survive in

Talking about Thailand.

7:51

> Lucky: that's why I think he went to Phillipines
>
> Interviewer: he liked phillipines, that was his thing
>
> Wasma: says Aajonus wanted to build a healing center, like a resort in
Thailand but didn't go as planned because it was very difficult.

8:55

> Wasma: planning, but it doesn't go to the plan. He just stop everything. He
just only the house for his stay over for when he in Thailand, you know

9:08

> Interviewer: This conversation is more about him passing away

9:12

> Interviewer: more likely in the world was it was accident, it is not a safe
place.
>
> Lucky: Nobody in the world would have been ever able to get in there and hurt
him

That sounds like truth coming from Lucky, the way he says it, shuts down
the assassination possibility.

9:25

> Lucky: There's gates, remember we had locks on gates, you couldn't just drive
in there, you could walk but it's a long walk
>
> Wasma: I can't even remember how to get there

10:11

Lucky nods, looks down, looks nervous. Lucky and Wasma look at each
other. Smiling, laughing? For a good 15 seconds. Were talking about
looking at Aajonus' corpse and they are laughing and Lucky is smiling.

10:26

**Wasma is trying really hard to purse her lips.**

10:43

Cremated, ashes, no body. Left in Thailand at his house.

10:46

As interviewer talks about ashes, Wasma gives a big smile again.

10:49

Wasma looks away. They look at each other again at 10:51, like they both
know something look, and smile, big smile. Remember we are talking about
Aajonus' ashes here.

11:04

> Interviewer: Maybe someday I will

Doesn't sound very emotional, just calm.

11:12

> Lucky: You need somebody to help you find it, there's no addresses +
>
> Interviewer: I believe you

11:20

> Interviewer: Lucky is this what you are looking for? To put this conversation
at rest?

11:24

> Interviewer: I lived with Aajonus, he was like a dad to me.

11:38

> Interviewer: Look I believe this but need someone's eyes to see him. I was in
communication with US state department, and us military, local congress people
to make sure, verified by multiple sources, including people that were his
patients and friends. Don't know what else you want, what else you looking for?

Looking for a body, xrays, photos.

> Jim in the back: People called me when he died, people emailed me when he died
saying what really happened, happened.

12:08

> Interviewer: That's what really happened

12:17

> Interview: So I wish it didn't happen, I wish we didn't have to have this
conversation, I wish he could pop in to the frame right now but no he's not in
Wisconsin or Arizona.  Aajonus wouldn't keep silent if you paid him a million
dollars a week. He would be loud, he would be somewhere right now, screaming,
yelling and wanting everyone to throw him out.

Look at how they word it, saying how if Aajonus was still alive, he
would be loud, trying very hard to convince you he's really dead.

Talks very calmly, he seems in on it.

At the end:

> Interviewer: So it makes 0 sense that he just had enough of us all and that he
hide some place

Now I know for sure the interviewer is in on it.

It makes complete sense. They brought up the possibility that he could
be murdered, confidently says he wasn't. Brings up he could be hiding,
they look away, ends the video.

## More reasons for him to leave us

Ebrahim Rafatjah:

> Yes it was hard for all of us. He lived mostly in LA and his clients were
very close to him, especially when we had Rawesome club. As we all know he
went through hell as a child and he had lots of darkness in his character. He
didn't like people to disagree with him. In the last 2 years after the police
raid at Rawesome he had lots of issues with us because we didn't agree with
his decisions and broke relation with us and started suing us for stupid
reasons. I had many private email with him and were keep telling him we are
not his enemies but he couldn't let go his anger. Finally in the court he
lost very bad and admit to his lies about us and for the first time I saw
him letting go his past and not being a bully. I told that to James and he
said he saw the same thing. 3 weeks after the court he had his accident and
died. His death was after he finally let go the past and became a greater
man. He completed his journey in his life as a great man and it was his time
to go. He also completed his research on PD and left us so much to continue
his work. When he had his accident the doctors told him they can save him
but he will be paralyzed waist down. He agreed with them and refused the
surgery. So he died for his cause and became a martyr. I knew him so well
because I was filming him every 3 months for ten years and saw the changes
he went through as a human being being. You will be very impressed with my
films on his political life especially in the raid movie. I will post it on
YT soon. Please share my clips with others. Many people were trying to trash
him and my films prove them wrong and had I said in the video 2 minutes after
he met me he gave me the right to film his story of saving his son and film
his lectures. Right away he knew I was going to capture his private life.

## Conclusion

Aajonus faked death in Thailand, ditched it and went to go live undisturbed in
the Philippines

* Thailand was a failed attempt for producing a public healing center.
* Aajonus talked very well of the Philippines, he was also given land
there for helping a Chief, and saw their people living beyond 140
* Aajonus already talks about how he takes great measures so people
don't know where he is and avoids being tracked
* The interview that settles about what happened has many red flags,
the 3 are inexperienced in acting
* No real public evidence of Aajonus' death like pictures, body or
x-rays. All 3rd person sources
* The average person will be easily convinced of the story
* 6 Years later, Asra Conlu talks about how many primal dieters are
flocking to the Phillipines because it's a great place for it
* Aajonus was a genius, not stupid, if Lucky and Wasma know how terribly
built the house was, Aajonus for sure knows how his house is since he
actually lives there
* Aajonus supposedly died 3 weeks after court with Rawesome
* Ebrahim and James agreed Aajonus was letting go of the past
* Aajonus had a plan, it explains the change in character. He had nothing
to lose, and no reason to fight the system anymore as his attempts have
been futile, and he has had enough putting his life in danger
* This disagrees with what the interviewers says about how Aajonus would
still want to fight the system, rather than "it makes 0 sense that he
just had enough of us all and that he hide some place"
* Many reports of people saying his person changed later in his life
* Fall site does not appear to be too high
* Duping Delight - The pleasure of being able to manipulate someone, often
made visible to others by flashing a smile at an inappropriate moment.

## Motives for leaving the MATRIX

* Without talking more about truth, the gov won't have any reason to
ruin his life any further
* He is also already skilled at hiding himself
* He can retire off grid peacefully secluded from society without being
bothered
* Live in one of the most uninhabited and uncontaminated islands with
good weather, abundant food, water and land and other healthy off griders
who already welcome him
* This is the dream and the best decision that he could have made in
his position

Note: This is speculation, anyone can believe what they want. After
all, there is no public traceable evidence for either supporting
argument. However with some experience in spotting deception, seeing
the red flags in this interview, Rawesome ordeal aftermath and what
his intelligence, position, motives, end goals were is what led me to
my conclusion.

===

By Richard from @[Primal Life](https://t.me/primallife)
