?
title=Vaccines Ruin Your Health (Appendix D)

# Vaccines Ruin Your Health

#### (Appendix D)

I am reluctant to mention the harm that vaccines produce because most
everyone is adamantly brainwashed that vaccines produce immunity.
However, I would be negligent to ignore how vaccines actually affect
health.

Allopathic medicine is based on the "germ theory", that microbes and
viruses, cause disease. Medical science bases the use of vaccines on the
theory that the body forms antibodies to "fight" natural viruses.
They believe that these antibodies live on after the virus is contained,
thereby creating immunity.

First we must consider the facts known to evaluate medicine's viral
theory. Science has proved that virus are not alive, that they are
predominantly protein but that they contain organic DNA. Science has
proved that virus increase only in the presence of live cells, and
that they cause certain cells, and/or parts of cells to dissolve. What
is believed and taken as fact but not proved, is that viruses are
non-discriminatingly destructive "things" that self-replicate. That
is like saying that laundry soap, because it is found in homes inhabited
by humans, self-replicates. Those assumption and conclusion are shallow
and ludicrous. Medical science operates from fear, and it attacks
the body. All medical procedures for treating disease are written by
pharmaceutical-related individuals and groups. That is a severe conflict
of interest. Self-produced health or medication-dependent profit, which
do you think that they want?

A rational and logical conclusion would be that virus are solvents
(cleansers) manufactured by individual cells to dissolve degenerative
tissue (disease) caused by accumulated waste and industrial toxins,
including medicines. Virus contain DNA because cells have used substances
within themselves to synthesize virus; DNA is a part of that. When the
cleansing and healing processes cease, cells stop producing large amounts
of virus.

Normally, healthier bodies symbiotically utilize bacteria and parasites to
cleanse themselves of cellular degenerative tissue and organic waste. They
are the bodies preferred janitors. Bacteria and parasites consume the
degenerative tissue and organic waste and reduce it to a tiny fraction
of the original mass eaten. They can consume 100 times their weight
and reduce it to 1-percent excretion. When eating a healthy raw diet,
our bodies easily secrete and/or excrete the 1-percent excretions from
bacteria and parasites.

However, when bodies become too toxic with industrial toxins, including
medicines, the bacteria and parasites are poisoned to death.  Under such
toxic conditions, the only cleansing method that the body can utilize is
virus. So, cells synthesize viruses. I reiterate, viruses are solvents
that dissolve degenerative tissue and organic waste. They are beneficial
in preventing disease; they do not cause disease. The symptoms that
accompany viral, bacterial or parasitical detoxifications are a necessary
process but can be mitigated with the consumption of plenty of raw eggs
and raw dairy fats.

The key is: We should trust, nurture and understand the body and Nature,
not fear them.

Inoculating people to prevent viral infections is ridiculous and
dangerous. After many years of experimentation, Louis Pasteur realized
that the idea of vaccination was doomed. He confessed on his deathbed to
his assistants that a poor (toxic) environment within the body creates
disease. Microbes do not cause disease.

Regarding the immediate trauma that vaccines cause in many people, the
eminent scientist and physician, Dr. William F. Koch, M.D., Ph.D.  said:

> The injection of any serum, vaccine or even penicillin has shown a very
marked increase in the incidence of polio - at least 400%. Statistics are so
conclusive no one can deny it.

The long term effects of vaccines are just as harmful. Vaccines are
made of disease, mercury, aluminum, formaldehyde and other poisonous
chemicals. Pharmaceutical houses manufacture diseases in animal
tissue. The diseases are sterilized to make vaccines. Sterilization
alters the RNA, DNA, structure and actions of diseases and viruses.
When a sterilized disease or virus enters the body, the body tries to
analyze it and create antibodies to regulate the disease or virus. The
body cannot find the logical reason for the unnatural disease or
virus. Nor can it find the key to the time that the bacteria or virus
will be active. Therefore the body creates mutant antibodies that do
not go dormant for up to decades.

These mutant antibodies remain active long after the disease or virus
becomes inactive. The mutant antibodies eat sub-particles from the
inside of amino acids (proteins) in the blood.[^1] That renders proteins
unstable. The amount of proteins damaged and lost to mutant antibodies
depends on the number of vaccines. Because amino acids are the primary
building blocks of cells, the consequence is cellular malnutrition. In
all animals, the malnutrition causes gradual genetic mutations, resulting
in weaknesses, diseases, malfunctions and deformities.

The life span of mutant antibodies varies, from at least 1 year
(penicillin) up to 50 years (polio).[^2] Each vaccine multiplies the
number of mutant antibodies, which increases cellular malnutrition and
results in greater weaknesses, diseases, malfunctions and deformities.

Table 1 shows the reported incidents of polio in the year 1958, before
the compulsory polio vaccine law, and the year 1959, when the law was
adopted. Only four states and one city kept records. The statistics
show that the polio vaccine actually created the disease that it was
purported to have prevented.

Table 1: Number of Polio Cases Reported in 5 areas, Before and After
Polio Vaccine became Compulsory

|!                        | 1958 | 1959 | % Increase 
| Compulsory Vaccination? | NO   | YES  |
| Connecticut             | 45   | 123  | 273%
| Los Angeles, CA         | 89   | 190  | 213%
| North Carolina          | 78   | 313  | 401%
| Ohio*                   | 17   | 52   | 306%
| Tennessee               | 119  | 386  | 324%

* Ohio had an escape clause and many people declined inoculation.
Therefore there were fewer incidents of Polio.

Eighty-two percent of all of the people who had polio in 1959 (listed
above) had been vaccinated with one or more polio vaccines. Twenty percent
had at least three polio vaccinations. Polio vaccines create polio.

Vaccines have other immediate side effects. There is temporary or
permanent paralysis (Guillain-Barre) associated with any type of vaccine,
including flu shots. Almost everyone receiving a vaccine of any sort
suffers some of the following side effects: blindness, brain damage,
convulsions, death, dizziness, other serious diseases, fever, headaches,
hepatitis, impotence, irritability, muscular pain and soreness, nausea,
skin eruptions and disease, sore throat, stiffness and vomiting.

Former Secretary of War, Henry L. Stimsom, reported that at a military
boot camp in only a six-month period, there were 63 deaths and 25,585
cases of hepatitis "as a direct result of the yellow fever vaccine."

Yet, doctors and pharmaceutical houses say vaccines are miraculous -
choosing to ignore the harmful effects. Is it because vaccines generate
several billions of dollars a year? Isn't it frightening that our children
are the main target?

I experimented with vaccines in animals (rats, cats, and rabbits) and
found that the mutations compounded with each succeeding inoculated
generation. In the second generation, with all three types of animals,
mutations started as slight deformations of an ear, or eye, or jowl; or a
shortened limb; or scoliosis. Glandular malfunctions were prominent. In
some animals, temperaments became unruly. In the sixth and seventh
generations' mutations were severe: loss of glands, organs, limbs,
features, motor and neural functions; brutal suicidal and homicidal
tendencies; and impotence resulting in extinction.

In my experience, of all the pharmaceuticals that are accepted as
miracles, vaccines are the most dangerous because the side effects are
most often subtle, or attributed to another problem, or ignored. These
side effects become obvious after the third and fourth generations.
That is when the mutations start to become exaggerated and pitiful.
With humans this will probably be apparent by the year 2015.

There are many books on the dangers of vaccines. Read them. I've listed
the ones I've read - both well written and not - in the reference
section. See Bibliography, page 340.

While I was experimenting with raw moldy foods as possible remedies for
particular health problems, Owanza, who was assisting me, discovered
that eating moldy berries affected the mutant antibodies caused by
vaccines. She placed raspberries, blackberries and strawberries in
separate glass containers with lids that were not tight. She allowed
them to sit at room temperature until a healthy mold had formed. Then she
placed them, still in glass containers with loose lids, in refrigeration
for ten weeks. After these ten weeks, Owanza strained the moldy berries
through a porous sieve, separately.  The mold-juices were ready for
my subjects.

Blood analyses were done on eleven people with long histories of
vaccinations, with specific focus on amino acids. All subjects had
minor complaints, ranging from headaches to joint pains. For one time
only, each person drank 1/2 cup of one kind of mold-juice - of the
particular berry that normally appealed to their taste. Their diets
were not altered. Blood analyses were done 30 days after drinking
mold-juice. Analyses showed an average of 30% increase in stable amino
acids over previous analyses. There was only one side effect as a result
of drinking the mold-juice - everybody became lethargic for a period of 30
days. After that period, everyone's level of energy and health increased
sharply above what it had been before drinking the mold-juice. Health
complaints either diminished or disappeared.

Between 13 and 18 months after they drank the mold-juice, three of the
people planned to get vaccinations for travel reasons. Blood analyses
were done before inoculations and again a month after inoculations.
The post-inoculation analyses showed a 30% drop in stable amino acids.

Twenty-four months after taking the mold-juice all eleven had blood
analyses. In eight of them the stable proteins in their blood remained
high. In the three who had recent vaccinations, stable proteins were
still down and the health complaints that they had prior to drinking
mold-juice returned.

===

[^1]: The nature of the sub-particles eaten from proteins is explained in
THE PERSECUTION AND TRIAL OF GASTON NAESSENS by Christopher Bird, H.J. Kramer,
Inc., P.O.  Box 1082, Tiburon, CA 94920.

[^2]: The body reacts to antibiotics (like penicillin, tetracycline, etc.)
the same as it does to vaccines - that is, mutant antibodies are created.
