?
title=Depression (Appendix L)

# Depression

#### (Appendix L)

Most often, depression is caused by too much carbohydrate sugar and sugar
byproducts in the blood, lymph and nerves. Carbohydrates made into blood
sugar result, unfavorably, in high sugar byproducts, causing the blood,
lymph and nerve serums to be sticky, causing reduced bodily functions
and hypoglycemia.

Naturally, when too much carbohydrate sugar enters the blood, the pancreas
produces insulin. Insulin helps regulate blood sugar levels by binding
with sugars and turning them into glycogen which can be stored in the
body and used later. When mutant sugars enter the blood, the pancreas
overproduces insulin even if the blood sugar is low.

Refined sugars are mutations, including flash pasteurized products.
They enter the blood too fast. When refined sugars are eaten, the body
first tries to turn them into a more natural sugar. However, most of the
sugar just passes into the blood as mutations. They over-stimulate the
liver and pancreas. Eventually, bile and hormones, like insulin, bind
with the sugars and leave the blood low in sugar (hypoglycemia). Over a
period of time, this can lead to the eventual exhaustion of the pancreas
(diabetes). Although it would take considerably longer, the same can
result from eating too much raw fresh fruit and fruit juices.

The best way to resolve the blood-sugar problems that cause depression
is to eat a lot of raw meat. When the body forms blood sugars from meat,
the blood sugar is called pyruvate. The body's use of pyruvate results,
favorably, in low sugar byproducts allowing clean body serums, including
in the nerves.

For some people, simply changing to a raw diet, that includes lots
of raw meat, relieves depression. For a few, adding only raw fats to
their diet is the simple answer because without proper fat, proteins
cannot be assimilated for many purposes. Eating raw meat with raw fat,
and reducing fruit intake to once daily in the afternoon only, feeds the
liver and pancreas, regenerates and rebuilds them and, over a period of
many years, repairs them to where they cease to automatically over-dump
sugar into the blood and over-produce insulin.

Another cause of chronic depression is too-low of bacterial levels
throughout the body. When high levels of bacteria are present, proper
detoxification occurs. Bacteria are janitors who consume organic cellular
waste, keeping the body clean. When the body is low in bacterial levels,
the body becomes overloaded with organic waste and toxins, causing
cellular depression that is experienced throughout the body and mind,
and expressed emotionally.

The low-bacterial cause of depression can be alleviated by eating
stinky bacterially decomposing meat, as several cultures do, such as
the Eskimo. The Eskimo call that meat "high" meat. Eating an ounce of
high meat usually relieves depression in 10-20 minutes and may last for
weeks. I demonstrated that there is no danger from eating meat with
enormous amounts of bacteria on Ripley's Believe It Or Not (it first
aired internationally on July 17, 2002). The recipe to make high meat
is in my recipe book, The Recipe For Living Free of Disease.

A less favorable way to keep the blood sugar level balanced is to eat one
cooked starch (like French bread, rice cakes, pasta, air-popped corn,
baked or steamed potato) with lots of raw fat (like avocado, unsalted
raw butter, no-salt-added raw cheese, raw cream, raw eggs, stone-pressed
olive oil or fresh coconut) with a little fresh fruit. For people with
severely overactive pancreases, that combination - in small amounts -
may have to be consumed two to four times daily. However, the cooked
starch always results in accumulations of sugar byproducts and toxins.

How the last recommendation works is that the cooked starch easily binds
with excess insulin. Then the raw fat binds with the starch-insulin[^1]
mass and escorts it to the bowels. The fresh fruit raises the blood
sugar level to normal. Depression is gone or mitigated within forty
minutes. However, many sugar byproducts and other toxins from the cooked
starch accumulate in the body and could eventually cause disease.

===

[^1]: If the fats reach temperatures above 104 degrees Fahrenheit, they have a
greater tendency to store in the body and solidify instead of dumping into the
bowels. Therefore, eating fats warmed above 104 degrees Fahrenheit is not
suggested for optimal health.
