?
title=Medications Are Toxic And Store In The Tissue (Appendix C)

# Medications Are Toxic And Store In The Tissue

#### (Appendix C)

Medical science removes cells from the natural environment of the
body and isolates them in "controlled" environments, like test
tubes. It administers chemicals to these isolated cells and observes
the reactions. It treats cells as if they were machines that have no
intelligence and that repeat exactly the same movements and functions.
Medical science says that this is the only way experiments can be
valid. But it fails to see that cells do not behave or react the same
in "controlled" environments as they do in the body. Therefore,
it can never predict how a person will react to a drug. And every body
reacts differently.

I have employed a very different approach to experiments. I see that
the body is its own ecological system. Every body part, gland, cell
and particle of blood makes the body the magnificent creature that it
is. Eliminate any organ, appendage, hormone or cup of blood, and the body
loses a function and/or precise ability. My approach is wholistic. All
of my experiments have been employed on the whole person and whole body
with food as agent.

There are always side effects with drugs - sometimes seemingly minor,
other times disastrous. A side effect with raw food is extremely rare.

To prove that medication prevents healing, I employed research methods
formulated by Owanza. I repeated the following experiments with seven
individuals.

1. I had a blood analysis performed on each person before and after his
or her doctor administered a drug (seven different drugs). The analyses
were specifically focused upon RNA and DNA. Blood analyses were done
twelve hours after drugs were taken. Mutations were found in the RNA
and DNA when compared to the RNA and DNA of the blood taken before drugs
were administered.

2. I also had a urinalysis performed on each person before and after a
drug had been administered, specifically focusing on bacteria. In all
cases the analyses taken before drugs were administered showed a normal
live bacterial count. In all cases the analyses performed 1/2 hour after
taking drugs showed large quantities of dead bacteria.

The next step was to show a correlation between greater bacterial
levels and healing. Bacteria, like bears and flies, go in and out of
hibernation. When conditions are right they wake from hibernation. Are
bears and flies contagious? Bacteria consume particular damaged,
decaying and dead cells when weather, other environmental conditions
and bodily cycles are right, and when an individual's body is ready
to detoxify. To prove that higher bacterial levels advance healing,
I observed ten subjects, each with three open wounds. On each person,
I treated one wound with alcohol. I treated another with the subject's
urine only. (Urine contains most of the same constituents as blood, except
that it contains very few red blood cells. The practice of using urine
as both a cleansing and healing agent has been employed for thousands
of years in Ayurvedic medicine.) The third wound on each person was
left untreated to heal on its own. The wounds treated with urine healed
about three times faster than the ones treated with alcohol. The wounds
that were untreated healed a little quicker than those treated with
alcohol. Conclusion: Alcohol destroys bacteria and retards healing. A
high bacterial level inspires healing.

In another experiment, I observed several groups of people who had
stomach ulcers. One group took either Maalox or antibiotics. Another
group drank his or her own urine. A third group drank urine and ate a
raw diet. The ulcers in those who ate raw foods and drank urine healed
two times faster than those who only drank urine. The ulcers in those
treated with medication grew larger.

I asked those who were taking medication to discontinue medication.
After one week I observed that their stomach secretions had higher
bacterial levels. Concurrently, I observed that the ulcers had diminished
in size and/or were less inflamed. Conclusion: Drugs kill bacteria and
retard healing. Bacteria inspires healing.

To explore the phenomenon that infection also inspires healing, I observed
a person who was suffering from polio. When the person was treated with
the standard drugs, I noticed that there was a drop in body temperature
and a loss of bacteria and virus in the blood. The urinalysis showed
very few poliomyelitis virus in the urine and blood.  However there
was no improvement in the condition or symptoms. I asked the person
to discontinue drug therapy. After three days without drugs, the person
drank five raw smoothies a day and drank Perrier water when thirsty. (Each
smoothie consisted of 2 raw eggs blended with a whole green – unripe -
banana.) No other food was eaten. After this nine-day procedure there was
about 50% improvement in the condition and symptoms. I reexamined the
blood and urine. I found a lot of poliomyelitis virus and bacteria. In
ten weeks this person healed completely without paralysis. Conclusion:
Drugs destroyed bacteria, prevented cells from manufacturing virus, and
interfered with healing processes. When the subject stopped medication
and began to eat the right nutrients, bacteria and virus increased
and healing began and continued until complete. Bacteria and virus are
necessary for proper cleansing and healing.

To prove that medication stores in the tissues, Owanza suggested that
I examine people who had a long history of drug treatment. I found hard
dry areas on their skin. I had small tissue samples cut from these hard
dry spots and had them analyzed for chemicals. Every tissue sample was
found to contain small amounts of medical chemicals, specifically those
containing alkaloids.

In another test I conducted, I had small tissue samples taken from
the throats of people who had long histories of taking drugs such as
Emperin, codeine, aspirin, Fiorinal, and other drugs which effect the
mucous membranes. I had the tissue samples analyzed. All of the analyses
showed trace amounts of drugs.

In another experiment, I worked with subjects who had long histories of
taking antibiotics. I asked them to discontinue taking medication for at
least two weeks. Then blood and urine samples were taken and specifically
analyzed for drugs. These samples showed only trace amounts of drugs,
or no drugs at all. I suggested that the subjects follow a diet for six
weeks. First thing in the morning each of them ate 1/2 cup raw fatty
beef with one tablespoon of unheated honey. When the stomach growled,
indicating hunger, each of them ate 2 fresh oranges and a tablespoon of
unheated honey. Again, after the stomach growled, each of them ate another
1/2 cup raw fatty beef with one tablespoon of unheated honey. They
continued to eat the beef and oranges, alternately, throughout each day
until they went to sleep for the night. They always waited until their
stomachs growled before eating the beef or the oranges.[^1] They drank
as much unfiltered, unadulterated spring water as desired, but no sooner
than 30 minutes after eating meat. They ate no other foods. After this
six week diet, blood and urine samples were taken again and analyzed
for drugs. Analyses showed large quantities of drugs in both blood and
urine. Conclusion: Drugs store in the body. Certain foods cleanse the
body of drugs.

===

[^1]: When doing this detoxification diet, which helps the body eliminate stored
drugs without much harm to the body, it is important to eat only when the
stomach is completely empty. That is because some drugs will be dumped into the
stomach and be arrested there. Eating during the dump/arrest phase, or mixing
the beef and oranges in digestion - by eating either before the other has
completely been digested - causes indigestion, increases nausea, and sometimes
causes vomiting. (Vomiting is beneficial and the quickest and easiest way for
the body to eliminate drugs after they have dumped into the stomach.)
