?
title=Interview by Minä Olen, Health magazine in Finland.

# Super health for everyone from foods only

Q: Tell us something about yourself. How did you get acquainted with
this kind of raw food diet?

A: There was an evolution to the present advancement of my Primal Diet. It
was not something that was taught, or in vogue. Nothing like it existed
at the time, in 1976. Before that, I began investigating dietary and
nutritional perspectives to improve health, 34 years ago. A year prior to
beginning those investigations, I had been diagnosed with cancers of the
stomach, blood, bone and lymph with no chance for survival. Also, I had
long suffered Type 1 diabetes, psoriasis, angina, bursitis and stomach
ulcer. I suffered with pain most every minute of the day and I could not
sleep unless I was immersed in a bathtub full of hot water containing
2 cups of raw milk, 2 ounces raw apple cider vinegar and 2 tablespoons
of sun-dried sea salt. It made my body somewhat buoyant and relieved
enough of my pain, enabling me to sleep. Medical therapies had caused
the cancers and crippled me. I chose death at home rather than a hospice.

My dietary journey began when a health volunteer coaxed me into drinking
raw carrot juice. He told me about a woman who had supposedly cured her
cancer by drinking raw carrot juice. It tasted good so I drank it. I
had suffered autism since I was 1 1/2 years old (the side-effects of
mercury in a tetanus vaccine). I was unable to comprehend language.
My communication skills were limited to sound bites that, I came to
recognize, evoked certain responses. Beyond that, I was communicatively
incompetent. I could not even comprehend that the word the had a meaning
at the age of 21 years. Approximately 10 days after I began drinking the
carrot juice on a daily basis, my autism reversed. I had no vocabulary but
I comprehended language! I was thrilled. I borrowed $110 and spent it on
nutritionally-based books. I studied for 3 1/2 years under the tutelage of
Los Angeles' top nutritionist of the time. The rest was experimental, to
see what worked, not simply what was reasonable, logical and/or rational.

Q: What is happening in our body? Why do we need this kind of diet?

A: I answered those questions in some detail in my books. We do
not have time to give all of those details here. Basically, cooking
and/or processing our food causes toxic byproducts to form in the
food that gradually and accumulatively degrade our health.  Cooking
and processing damages or destroys all enzymes, vitamins, minerals,
proteins, carbohydrates and fats. The alteration of nutrients gradually
causing systemic deficiencies. The accumulations of toxins cause bodily
malfunctions that often increase to diseases. Some people have the
ability to mask ill symptoms from excessive hormonal production, and
other factors, and seem wonderfully healthy most of their lives. However,
most of us suffer more and more everyday until we find ourselves in an
advanced state of disease.

Q: What are the greatest benefits of this diet?

A: One, we are able to slowly detoxify most if not all of the toxic
poisons that have collected in our bodies from a lifetime of cooked and
processed food-poisoning that most often causes disease. Two, we have
cleaner and more balanced blood, neurological and lymphatic systems,
allowing for better bodily function. Three, we immediately or gradually
gain more energy, clarity, strength, endurance, stamina, positivism,
calmness and a sense that we are getting better everyday. Four, peace of
mind that we are actively reversing our direction toward disease. Five,
freedom from bacterial worry and a sense that we are in balance with
Nature rather than Nature attacking us. Six, unless the food is poisoned
by chemicals, such as pesticides, herbicides and/or chemical fertilizers,
the proper balance of food on this diet promotes cleansing and healing
of our bodies. It never degrades or harms us. And seven, after the
initial dietary and social adjustments, freedom to indulge in a life
that is less burdensome with anxiety, emotional distraction and pain.
We are able to experience more of the joys of life than the suffering.

Q: What kind of results have you had in helping people with this diet
and has there been any official research done on the results of this diet?

A: The last fifteen years of Primal-Diet evolution has resulted in
reversing 90% of disease. Some diseases, such as lung cancer, have a much
lower reversal rate. Lungcancer reversal on this diet averages 50%. Using
medical therapies only, late-stage lungcancer reversal is 0. Utilizing the
Primal Diet along with medical therapies the reversal rate drops from 90%
to approximately 45%. Considering that when cancerous medical therapies
are utilized without dietary change, 83% of cases never make it beyond 3
years after diagnosis. That is an abysmal statistic earned by the medical
system. People pay enormous amounts of money for toxic and damaging
medical therapies that generate more cancer in a cancerous condition for
the patient, along with trillions of dollars each year for the medical
industry. The medical industry is controlled by pharmaceuticals. The
pharmaceutical industry took control of medicine when it began financing
medical research at medical universities worldwide. Most everything
that doctors believe and prescribe is dictated by the pharmaceutical
industry. Most of the data is faulty, biased and illegitimate.

There were several severely anemic attempts to follow some of my patients
but because healing is a long-term process, lack of funding disparaged
the investigators. Take a look at my books and read the Testimonials. The
evidence lies there. Many of those who healed
 would have had to have spectacular miracles to have been healed from
 their conditions. If we were to discount the
food for having caused thousands of people to have reversed advanced
non-reversible diseases, then we would have to exclaim that an unusually
high percentage of people have these miracle when they eat the Primal
Diet. Which do you think causes that phenomenon?

Q: How do you determine the condition of your patients? What methods do
you use?

A: I utilize the much misunderstood and misinterpreted iridolocal science
as my method of analysis. By patterns, coloring, and texture variances
in the iris, I can determine much of a person's state of health, or lack
of. Also, I utilize skin analysis.

Q: Is the raw food diet connected to any larger phenomenon or is it
quite a separate issue?

A: That question could have a lot of interpretations. If you are asking,
does the diet affect our spiritual nature and progress, my answer is,
yes. Because we are naturally bound to the body's nervous system, what
we sense is paramount to our focus. If we are chemically imbalanced,
especially in tumultuous states, we cannot easily focus on the balance
and well-being that is so necessary to spiritual development. It is like
driving a car with a faulty electrical system. No matter what we do to
the car, until that electrical system is rebuilt, the car will not run
properly and it will be difficult to drive without worry, malfunction
and dissatisfaction.

Q: Who have been the toughest opponents to your diet?

A: Public health departments and conglomerate media have been major
hindrances.  Much of what the medical profession espouses is parroted in
the media as truth, without proof. A prime example of this occurred when
the people of Los Angeles County, California, sought to change the law
that disallowed us the freedom to buy natural raw milk in stores. During
that campaign, the media gave us attention but their comments basically
called us a bunch of heartfelt and wayward food-faddists. The Los Angeles
Times quoted doctors but did not once question their science. However,
when I espoused science, the Los Angeles Times discounted my words by
stating that I had no scientific proof. That was contrary to the actual
documents submitted to the managing government body. The Los Angeles
County Department of Health Services' entire team, with active help
from the California State Department of Health Services and the federal
Central Disease Control, constructed a faulty and erroneous report that
charged raw milk was dangerous. The report stated 5 incidences of illness
that were blamed on raw milk. None of those 5 cases involved more than a
few people and each lacked proof of the claim that raw milk caused those
people's illnesses. The report also mentioned a raw-milk prejudiced study
made by a University-of-California-Los Angeles (UCLA) that ascertained raw
milk caused disease. The study was based on interviews from prejudicial
questionnaires, not on any science or laboratory tests. It looked good if
you blindly accepted it on the basis that doctors' names were attached to
the study. However, it was a pap. One of UCLA's graduated biostatistians
Dr. Nancy Mann intelligently refuted the study, saying that the entire
study was erroneously conducted and executed. On the other side of the
issue, I made a report with the help of the world's only medical expert on
milk, Dr. William Campbell Douglass, Jr, M.D. In our Supplemental Report
In Favor of Raw Milk, I cited numerous universities that utilized raw-milk
therapies for many diseases, including lessening infant death-rates
in hospitals in the early 1900's when the bacterial rates in milk were
enormous. The proof was that raw milk with high counts of bacteria caused
health and pasteurized milk with high bacterial counts had been dangerous
and deadly. I cited many cases of huge epidemics of food-poisoning caused
by pasteurized dairy products. One case involved 197,000 people. The error
in the Los Angeles Times' reporting assaulted truth to the public. The
public lingers in ignorance because of that article. I contacted the
editors several times with my well-researched and credible report but
they refused to accept the report and correct their errors.

Most of the public are fated to the medical model that seeks to attack
the body rather than nurture and heal it because the media acts as a
public relations voice for them.

When my Report was submitted, I put it with a legal cover letter that
threatened the County that they would suffer and lose a class-action
lawsuit if they failed to allow us raw milk in the stores. That forced the
governing body to read the data. The vote was 4 to 1 in favor of raw-milk
sales. Even that did not motivate the LA Times to correct their article.

Since that time of our milk victory in Los Angeles County, March
2000, three other groups used my materials to alter the laws in their
governments. If you would like to read every document that I wrote to
change the laws in your city, state and/or country, go to this website:
www.rawmilk.org. Anyone can copy and paste that information and use it.

Q: How do you see the role of the food industry in regard to the food
culture in the United States?

A: The food industry may have gotten it roots in the USA first through
its powerful political connections to government but the problem is
not restricted to the USA. The problem is worldwide. The food industry
loves the "bacterial phobia" frenzy. They know that the politicians
are easily manipulated by it. They garnish their plates with fear-based
health officials, which are mostly doctors. They sell government and the
misinformed public on the idea that their food processes save the public
from raw bacterial problems.  The facts are contrary. No epidemic has
ever been caused by a raw food. It is always cooked or partially cooked
food that has sat and bacteria has fed on it. Bacteria, like animals, get
diseases and mutate when fed cooked food. Their waste byproducts are 10-
100 times more toxic. Where raw fish has been blamed for food-poisoning in
sushi restaurants, it has always been the fish that had been partially
cooked, not raw. Recently in the USA, a few misguided mothers and
Coca Cola Company (that bought a major juice company) got the federal
government to enact a law that outlaws selling fresh preprepared raw
fruit and vegetable juices in retail stores. Only pasteurized or processed
juices can be sold according to federal law. Coca Cola profited from that
law because pasteurization extends the shelf-life of the juice. They lose
fewer products to spoilage.  That the juices no longer contain enzymes and
unadulterated vitamins and other nutrients should have been the issue. The
disease that processed food creates versus industry's profit-losses should
have been part of the issue. Now people drink the inferior juices thinking
that their health is better by the processing of it. They feel safe. The
reality is starkly different. If bacteria get into the processed juice,
they have a great chance of being seriously injured. The worst that
happens on raw food is an occasional case of vomit or diarrhea without
lasting damage to health. The average food-companies are Hollywoodlevel
blockbuster monsters disguised as benefits to humanity. That may have
sounded harsh but the reality of disease and its main causes are harsh.

Q: What do you see as the most challenging dietary habits to be changed
at the moment?

A: Because of the pervading bacterial phobia worldwide, the challenge
is to get people to realize that raw-meat-consumption, even when full of
bacteria, is not dangerous or harmful but healthful. Bacteria feeding on
raw meat predigest it and add to our protein and Vitamin B absorption
and utilization, the same as bacteria feeds on milk to make yogurt or
kefir. I proved the harmlessness of eating up to a pound of 3-year-old
meat, including glands, that were literally green, black, blue and white
with high-bacteria for the television show Ripley's Believe It Or Not. It
aired on July 17 and again in August 2002. It was televised worldwide. A
German-based TV-news program saw it and came to America and taped me
eating another pound of the same meat that was then several months
older. I did not suffer diarrhea or vomit either time. High-bacterial
meat has proved to rapidly reverse long-term chronic psychological
problems without medication.

Q: According to your Primal Diet, using raw dairy products is
very helpful, and using pasteurized products is very harmful for
the body. In Finland, all diary products suffer pasteurization and
homogenation. Grocery stores and health stores are not allowed to sell
any unpasteurized dairy products, except a few central European cheeses
that are sold in a few special cheese shops in our capital city. Also
there are less and less cows in Finland.  Do you think it would be better
to stop using dairy products completely if nonpasteurized products are
not available, or should we in that case use products with low fat or
no fat at all?

A: In my milk report that I mentioned earlier, I documented many
doctor-based reports that raw milk drinkers did not have disease and
pasteurized dairy drinkers suffered certain diseases, from diabetes to
osteoporosis. All cooked food promotes disease. I would avoid as much
cooked food as possible, including pasteurized milk products. However,
I suggest that you translate my milk report and use it to get the law
changed in Finland.  There is no reason you should not have the freedom
to have and drink raw milk.

Q: Many people are afraid of getting bacteria, parasites etc into their
body. Some people are even afraid that their body might go into shock
when changing their current diet into a raw food diet. What can you say
to these people?

A: It appears to me to be all mythical. Man has been running around
the planet with bacteria and parasites for millions of years. He wiped
his rectum with the same hands with which he hunted, butchered and ate
his meat. Apes lick the fecal matter off of their infants and never
suffer the propagandized symptoms of E. coli. We developed a symbiotic
relationship with them. They help us, we help them. My experience
supports that bacteria and parasites are the janitors of degenerative
tissue in our bodies. Like vultures and crows, they do not attack
living creatures. Bacteria and parasites feed on dying and decaying
cells. Bacteria and parasites help clean our bodily environment much
faster and with a lot less toxic-byproducts than we can clean ourselves
with solvents, such as internal body-soaps, such as virus. There is no
evidence that any tribe or race perished or developed disease as the
result of bacteria in food.

I have to tell you that after I began eating raw meat, I worried for
the first 13 years that some parasite from the raw meat would invade
my brain and I would be mentally deficient again. I continued to eat
it anyway because it was the only food that gave me the strength,
calmness and clarity that made my life not only livable and improvable
but enjoyable. After 13 years of raw-meat-eating (including some that
was parasite infested) and no harmful effects, I realized that the
"get-parasites-from-raw-meat-eating" phenomenon was mythical. I realized
that I had spent many hours of many days of many weeks of those 13 years
in senseless worry and anxiety.

I had worried because the doctors severed my vagus nerve to my stomach
for stomach cancer when I was 20 years old. They said that the surgery
placed me in the category of those most likely to perish from bacterial
and parasitical invasion from food. I was warned never to eat raw food
again in my life, not even salad. The reality is that everything the
medical profession told me was the opposite. When I realized that,
a load of fears and anxiety left my daily experience. It is easy for
me to enjoy my life now that I know we are beings who are favored in
Nature rather than threatened by Nature.  Industrial man, on the other
hand, is to be feared for making the toxic food and environment that is
dangerous to our health.

Q: Finnish people eat a lot of cooked potato and grain products,
especially rye. Are these products recommended according to this diet,
if they are eaten raw?

A: Any raw food is better than cooked however, the toxic glycogenic
byproducts of high carbohydrate foods, such as grains and potatoes, are
enormous in the human body.  That toxicity stores at a rate of 70-90%
depending on a person's health. Notice that the healthiest person stores
at a rate of at least 70%. Those glycotoxins cause many problems, the
least of which is stretch marks when following a low-fat diet, and the
worst are cancer and multiple sclerosis on cooked diets high in grain
and potato products.

Q: How do you see other diets that have similarities to your diet,
such as the Blood-Type diet and various Paleolithic diets?

A: The similarity is an illusion. Comparing Paleolithic diets to the
Primal Diet would be like comparing a car in a junk yard to an F16
jet. The only similarity paleo-diets have to the Primal Diet is that
meat is a major factor. Paleo-thinkers analyze historical assumptions
and hypothesize what caveman ate. The Primal Diet was developed entirely
on what proved to be most beneficial and more efficient for present-day
diseased and healthy people. The blood-type diet is another vehicle
altogether. It assumes that bloodtypes should eat or not eat certain
foods. Consuming raw or cooked has little concern for them. I can image
someone going back into the caveman era and telling a blood-Type A healthy
caveman that he shouldn't eat red meat, that it is unhealthy for him and
will give him disease. Consider that the Masai, Samburu, primitive Inuit
and Fulani eat raw meat and dairy, have all of the various blood-types,
eat the same dairy and red meat that is not supposed to be good for some
of them, and they have no disease. I do not know how such theorists can
be taken seriously when there is no direct experience to show to what
extent a particular diet may or may not be beneficial.

Q: Do you recommend the use of food supplements when on this diet?

A: Any time that a substances is removed from a food, heat or solvents are
used, altering the nature and structure. Basically, the remaining material
is a chemical, not a bio-active food-substance. The use of solvents for
extraction is like soaking your food in alcohol or kerosene before you
eat it. Would you? Heating, as we discussed, alters the nature, too. It is
another animal altogether, deficient or devoid in bio-active ingredients.
Most supplements are entirely chemically produced and have no relationship
to the benefits produced by fresh raw food. Supplements are toxic,
producing a toxic high that is misinterpreted as producing energy,
and that is misconstrued as improved health. That is an illusion. I
experimented with and utilized vitamin supplements during my training
with my nutritional tutor early in my nutritional journey, and again
when I managed the nutritional department of a major healthfood store
in Los Angeles, California. I saw the toxicity collect in people from
supplement-consumption. Our vitamin, mineral and enzyme supplementation
is best derived by drinking raw green vegetable juices.

Q: Why do you not recommend freezers for storing food?

A: In my experiments, I found that animals fed frozen foods developed
slower, some remained underdeveloped by as much as 25%.

Q: You have recently published a recipe book containing some other than
food recipes, like the Primal Facial Body Care Cream, deodorant and
antiperspirant. Are you going to expand more in that direction?

A: Let me make it clear to the reader that those recipes are made of food
that we eat. I suggest that if we cannot eat it, it should not be put on
our skin. At this time, expanding those recipes it is not on my agenda. I
have 3 other books to finish that do not include that exploration.

Q: What are you researching at the moment?

A: I am trying to reverse balding. So many men and women in this toxic
world have severe hair-thinning or balding. With women, hair-thinning
and/or balding causes severe anxiety. I want to try and lessen that
suffering. At present, my experiment with a certain food powdered
and soaked in distilled water at room temperature has been very
promising. I will let you know when the results are in after 2 years
of experimentation.

Q: What kind of answer would you give to those who are devoted vegetarians
for ethical reasons?

A: I would ask them to consider that half of my cancer patients
were longtime vegetarians (12-35 years), we were meant to eat meat
as a species for survival, eating most vegetables kills the plants,
no vegetarian culture lived without disease, and tribes eating all raw
animal-based diets do not suffer disease. If that is so, why would eating
vegetation be more moral or spiritual if it causes so much suffering in
the human condition? The suffering makes it very difficult to achieve
the tranquility needed to easily develop morally and spiritually. The
most notable vegan, who postulated that because of her vegan diet she
would never get cancer, died of a devastatingly aggressive cancer. That
person was Linda McCartney.

Q: Does our body have natural rhythms for daily eating and monthly or
longer cleansing periods that the diet considers?

A: Yes, the Chinese did a good job of observing and recording daily
glandular rhythms. The lymphatic and neurologic systems do their major
detoxification and subsequent healing approximately every 2-3 years. The
digestive organs usually experience a major cleanse and healing every 1
1/2 - 2 1/2 years, such as a stomach flu. The respiratory system usually
experiences major detoxification and healing yearly, such as a cold
or flu. Those "illness" are beneficial. They are our bodies' ways of
cleansing.

My next book will explain why and how to evoke detoxification and
heal. Normally, I do not encourage aggressive detoxification unless a
person is near death, or a person is healthy. People have to experience
symptoms that sometimes involve pain during detoxification. Our bodies
naturally pass through those states without our help in a timely and
considerate fashion.

Q: Could you please explain how much is 1 ounce by volume in liters? I
guess your 'cup' means about 1,5 deciliters?

A: I do not have any tools or references to make those calculations
at this time but basically 1 ounce is twice the volume of 2 very large
spoons.

Q: Do you think the Primal Facial Body Care Cream and Lubrication Formula
Drink are good for treating irritated and itchy psoriasis skin? I have
this idea that citrus fruits and honey irritate the skin. What to use
instead of coconut cream - coconuts are very rare here?

A: There is not enough citrus or honey to cause a problem in those
formulas. There is nothing that will replace the coconut cream but the
formula will still be mostly effective without coconut cream.
