?
title=My Research And Experiments Questioned

# My Research And Experiments Questioned

Some people have expressed disappointment that I have not published
my research. That always confuses me because I thought that my books
did that. If they mean, why I have not published the details of my
animal experiments, I tell them that I lost license for it because I
failed to make a contract of ownership with the laboratory I PAID to
do the research. When the owner untimely died, his family took over
the lab. They demanded and I refused to pay them $200,000 + for the
details of those results. I did not realize that a laboratory could
make the argument that like Microsoft, using Windows does not give you
ownership of Windows. However, my argument is that the work that I do
on Windows belongs to me but arbitration said that the lab's claim was
worthy of litigation. Money, money and time, time. To me, it still does
not make sense that if I paid almost a million dollars over 11 years
for those experiments that the license for them belongs to the lab. I
will tell the results without specifics on each animal experiment in my
next book. However, the proof of my information is in the pudding. Call
it anecdotal or whatever, the diet works exceptionally well with up
to 31 years of applying it, even for those who did not follow it as I
best suggest.

There seems to be an attitude in information- starved individuals who are
unwilling to do their own experiments and criticize the works of others,
that I owe them my time and research. I ask them for the 4 million dollars
that it would take to repeat all of my animal experiments to their
satisfaction and they look at me as if I am insane. I gave up making
a lot more money in the entertainment industry to help people. There
are plenty of people who accept my work because when they tried it,
it helped them when all other methods failed. Some people do not have
such immediate results and they operate on faith with their belief
in me. I adventured for 28 years experimenting with diets with people
before I wrote my first published book (WWTL) of experiential knowledge
and conclusions. Most people respect the tenure of my work and give me
a great deal of credibility because I am conscientious. I hope that I
have not abused that trust and respect although sometimes I know that
it seems I have. To those few people, it was not you or me, it was the
lack of time that I had to be thorough as your needs required. Most
often in other circumstances, I extended myself beyond the time and
money-arrangements to give whatever was necessary but I am only one
man with limited time and resources. Please accept apologies for your
situation and please accept my limitations. I do the best that I can to
remain positive and humorous in the midst of suffering, disease and panic.
