?
title=Causes For Most Intestinal Disease

# Causes For Most Intestinal Disease

## Including Colic, Inflamatory Bowel Syndrome (IBS) And Crohn's Disease

Utilizing my self-developed iridological analysis, I discovered that IBS
and Crohn's mainly have been caused by penicillin and vaccines. Penicillin
infects us with fungus that is not natural to humans but is common in
birds. Very often, penicillin travels to intestines, makes roots and
lives there. Too often, it lives in the intestines and nervous system for
a life time, unless we know how to gradually eliminate it. Penicillin
fungus interferes with digestion and causes many intestinal problems
and diseases. Too often, I have found that penicillin mold lives in our
brains, causing many cognitive problems.

I know of only one way to naturally eliminate penicillin fungus without
serious side effects. Blend together 5-8 tablespoons (depending on size
of person) fresh raw lime juice, 11/2-3 tablespoons fresh raw lemon juice,
5-8 tablespoons unheated honey, 5- 8 tablespoons raw coconut cream, and
2-5 tablespoons raw dairy cream. Add 3-5 ounces of raw milk or naturally
sparkling water (such as Gerolsteiner) and stir gently. I suggest that
that mixture be divided into 5 parts and consumed throughout the day for
no more than 3 consecutive days, once every 3-4 weeks. That mixture is
also a powerful antibiotic, only to be used in place of a pharmaceutical
antibiotic. Wisdom has shown me that it is best to let detoxifications
run their courses. However, if you are in fear or in panic about a
detoxification (infection), that formula is most often very effective
to reduce, slow or end increases in parasites, bacteria, fungus and virus.

In penicillin-fungal poisoning and other pharma- ceutical
antibiotic-induced problems, food cannot be digested. However, we
must eat to nourish our bodies and heal. The most easily and quickest
digested food is raw egg. Most often, a raw egg digests in 16-23 minutes,
after passing only a few inches into the small intestine. I have known
digestively challenged people who have eaten raw eggs as 90-95% of
their raw diet, drinking milk at bedtime and during the night. Other
people and I have eaten up to 50 eggs per day without any side effect
except dry mouth. Dry mouth is not remedied by drinking water. Apply-
ing a mixture of 6 parts raw coconut cream and 1 part honey to our lips
and a little in our mouths whenever they feel dry, restores fats lost
in the mouth and face that cause dry and cotton mouth.

Eating mainly eggs allows the body to spend its nutrients and energy
on cleansing and healing, not digesting food. (In the 38 years that I
consumed raw eggs, I have never experienced a biotin deficiency. Also,
I have never observed anyone else with a biotin deficiency even when
they practically lived on raw eggs. Therefore, that should not be a
concern.) Depending on the severity of illness and need for nutrition,
a person could eat a raw egg every 15-30 minutes. The number of eggs to
consume would be the number that prevents weight loss and/or promotes
weight gain. Preventing blood over-acidity is necessary when on most
animal-based diets. Therefore, while eating mainly eggs our blood usually
requires green vegetable juices to keep it from over-acidity.

To counter the massive poisoning from vaccines with their content of
mercury, formaldehyde, aluminum and detergents when injected, our bodies
very often deliver some or much of those poisons to the stomach. Often
our bodies store those poisons in the stomach lining. Gradually, our
stomachs discharge those poisons a few molecules at a time into our food
when food enters our stomachs. Those poisons are gradually absorbed,
causing gradual poisoning of our intestines and nervous systems, and
often on to the rest of our bodies, distributing dangerous free-radical
molecules to our entire bodies.

Eating 1-2 sugar-cubed-sized amounts of raw no- salt cheeses 10 minutes
prior to eating or drinking helps stop the gradual distribution of those
chemical poisons throughout our bodies. Usually, cheese absorbs those
poisons as they dump from our stomachs, preventing those poisons from
being absorbed into our food and distributed throughout our bodies. I
have observed that the body dumps poisons that have been stored in the
stomach lining as soon as food enters our mouths and/or stomachs. Within
10 minutes of ceasing food consumption, our stomachs stop dumping the
poison and will not dump again for about 35 minutes even if we resume
eating after the 10 minutes have passed. Therefore, we have 25 minutes
to eat or drink as soon as the 10-minutes wait-period ends. Eating 1/2-1
teaspoon coconut cream with the 1-2 sugar-cubed-sized amount of cheese
enhances the containment of those poisons. For those who experience
severe constipation when eating cheese, eating the coconut cream or
butter with cheese helps prevent constipation.
