?
title=Chemtrails

# Chemtrails

## Defending Ourselves With Diet Until We Can Stop Them.

### (Remedies are in last few paragraphs.)

Since I sent my announcement about chemtrails, I received many replies
asking if the Primal Diet prevents diseases that normally result from
contaminants in chemtrails, mainly aluminum and barium. Firstly, let's
look at the diseases that have been reported to be caused by those
elements. ALUMINUM affects the Zeta potential, that is the ability for
nutrients to suspend in whatever liquid-medium that transports them. In
our bodies, those mediums are blood, neurological and lymphatic fluids. If
our bodies do not have the proper nutrients and ability to contain and
neutralize aluminum, our blood would be affected. We could find our
abilities to utilize oxygen and remove carbon dioxide impaired. That
could leave us:

- short of breath even though inhaling and exhaling fully
- with lowered energy
- feeling imbalanced and thirsty
- sleepy and lethargic
- generally unsatisfied

If our bodies do not have the proper nutrients and ability to contain
and neutralize aluminum, our nervous systems would be affected. We could
find our abilities to think and remember slower than normal. That could
leave us:

- more forgetful
- unable to maintain perspectives
- faulty organizational skills
- attention deficit
- thinking in tangents

If our bodies do not have the proper nutrients and ability to contain
and neutralize aluminum, our lymphatic systems could be affected. Our
abilities to cleanse and heal could be impaired. That could leave us:

- sore and bruised
- fatigued
- easily burned and less able to acclimate to higher temperatures with
irritable skin
- dry skin
- sensitivity to light

BARIUM salt is an alkaline earth metal that is toxic in mammalian
systems. "They are absorbed rapidly from the gastrointestinal tract
and are deposited in the muscles, lungs, and bone. The barium that
is excreted is primarily eliminated in feces. At low doses, barium
stimulates muscles and at higher doses affects the nervous system
eventually leading to paralysis. Acute and subchronic oral doses of
barium cause vomiting and diarrhea, followed by decreased heart rate and
elevated blood pressure. Higher doses result in cardiac irregularities,
weakness, tremors, anxiety, and dyspnea. A drop in serum potassium
may account for some of the symptoms. Death can occur from cardiac
and respiratory failure. Acute doses around 0.8 grams can be fatal to
humans."[^1]

The FDA and EPA have done extremely little to monitor the effects of
barium because the medical profession uses it so freely as a contrast for
x-rays, and the military industrial complex is responsible for so much of
it being released into air, water, land and consequently food. If barium
were linked with diseases that result from barium toxicity, lawsuits
would most likely flood the legal system. However, diseases resulting from
barium toxicity are less than diseases resulting from mercury or thallium
toxicity. Mercury is listed by the FDA as the most toxic element on Earth;
a neuro-toxin. Yet, mercury is used in most injected medicines and amalgam
dental fillings. So who is the FDA protecting? Obviously, pharmaceuticals,
medical professionals and the military industrial complex.

Now let's consider ways of preventing metallic toxicity. There are several
ways that the body captures, contains and discards metallic substances:

- ionic attraction, that is, bio-linked units of minerals and other
complex nutrients that attract and attach to free-radical metallic
minerals, such as barium and aluminum
- lipids, that is, fats that envelop free-radical metallic minerals
- white blood cells that ingest or envelop free-radical metallic minerals

Firstly, we must always consider that when a food is heated above 104° F,
bio-links are disassembled, forming free radicals that must be reassembled
if they are not to cause complications in our bodies. Therefore, raw
foods are the only foods that do not tax the body. Raw foods also give
our bodies more nutrients to correct imbalances, such as those created
by metallic toxicity.

Secondly, let's consider the raw foods that give us minerals for ionic
attraction, fat to produce lipids, and protein and fat for breeding white
blood cells. The most concentrated food in minerals is no-salt-added
raw cheese. Because cheese is a dehydrated food, it is not digested and
utilized well for cellular health even when cheeses are raw. Our bodies
work very differently with cheeses than raw milk. Because cheeses lack
most bio-active links that are in raw milk, the body utilizes much of
it as sponges that attract and absorb toxins, including free-radical
metallic minerals.

The most digestible and utilizable fat and protein are in raw eggs that
can help us more easily breed white blood cells, and supply lipids to
envelop free-radical metallic minerals. Avocado and butter supply the body
with plenty of fat for appropriate lipid-production. However, the most
aggressive fatty nutrients to dissolve and envelop free-radical metallic
minerals are obtained in raw coconut cream. An animal fat, such as butter
and/or cheese, usually should be eaten with coconut cream to insure that
enough lipids are available to escort the toxins out of our bodies.

In extremely toxic situations, I have witnessed that some people's
bodies utilized cooked starch when eaten with plenty of raw fat, to
capture, contain and eliminate free-radical metallic minerals. However,
generally those people had less energy and experienced more fatigue,
unless they were high-adrenaline-producing individuals.

Another food that offers our bodies nutrients to attract and contain
free-radical metallic minerals is cilantro. It is best always to
consume raw fat when eating cilantro or drinking cilantro juice. Also,
consider that eating or drinking too much cilantro can cause our bodies
to detoxify old storages of free-radical metallic minerals. The result
of a too-aggressive metal-detoxification is irritability, fatigue,
constant nausea, vomit, diarrhea, headaches, joint pain, and other
symptoms. Therefore, I suggest that cilantro be eaten or drunk in very
small quantities, no more than 2-3 tablespoons daily.

The free-radical metallic minerals that cause so much disease are poisons
even when absorbed in small doses. The greatest feat of our bodies is to
control the damage caused by daily absorption of free-radical metallic
minerals and prevent them from storing in our bodies where they would
continue to damage us. The Primal Diet may seem magical to most people
but whether it will prevent a particular body from succumbing to the
diseases from our pollution-filled civil world is not assured. The Primal
Diet is the best defense that I have encountered and observed.

Now, we have to stop governments from spraying toxins in our air in the
name of and guise of anything, including whether modification.

===

[^1]: A. A. Francis, M.S., D.A.B.T., and Carol S. Forsyth, Ph.D., Chemical
Hazard Evaluation Group in the Biomedical and Environmental Information Analysis
Section, Health Sciences Research Division, Managed by Martin Marietta Energy
Systems, Inc., for the U.S. Department of Energy under Contract No.
DE-AC05-84OR21400. (1996)
