?
title=Considering Chemotherapy As An Option For Cancer?

# Considering Chemotherapy As An Option For Cancer?

I endured 3 months of chemotherapy that was the final straw that crippled
me for many years. The 10-weeks radiation therapy cauterized my spine
and caused Multiple Myeloma as well as spinal and back pain for about 25
years until I perfected my diet and was on it long enough to detoxify and
heal sufficiently. As I have reported many times since the treatments
nearly 40 years ago, I continued intermittently to detoxify chemo and
radiation damage. Several times after tasting the chemotherapy during
detoxifications, I had my saliva, vomit and diarrhea examined for the
chemotherapy I was administered, AZT. All tests were positive for many
of the compounds that constitute AZT. Those tests proved that my body
still harbored chemo that was etched, burned and/or absorbed into cells
within my body. Many doctors refuted my claims. Also note that a year
after I received AZT, it was discontinued because it was determined to
be too dangerous for cancer patients.

Finally, a UCLA study[^1] showed that chemotherapy changes blood flow and
metabolism in the brain. Positron emission tomography scanned brains of 21
women who had undergone breast cancer surgery 5-10 years earlier. Sixteen
of the 21 had been treated with chemotherapy. Thirteen control subjects
without breast cancer or chemotherapy were scanned. Scans were performed
during short-term memory exercises, and while they rested. Since the
study only focused on women who had had chemotherapy at a maximum of 10
years earlier, the study does not reveal that chemotherapy lingers for
many decades after treatment, as in my case.

Rapid jumps in activity in the frontal cortexes and cerebellums of the
chemotherapy patients indicated that they worked harder than the control
patients to recall the same information. Also revealed in the study, women
who underwent hormonal therapy as well as chemotherapy showed changes
to their basal ganglia, where brain function bridges thought and action.

If considering chemotherapy, consider that science has not proved
chemotherapy any more effective than doing nothing for cancer. Also,
consider that the long-term effects from "trying" chemotherapy reduce
the quality of life mentally, physically, emotionally and possibly
spiritually.

Alternative therapies for cancer can be found in my books and in the
article following about mice spermatogonial stem cells.

===

[^1]: Breast Cancer Research and Treatment September 29, 2006
