?
title=Dental Hygiene, Causes of Decay and Reversal, and Re-enamelization

# Dental Hygiene, Causes of Decay and Reversal, and Re-enamelization

### (Remedies are in the last 2 paragraphs.)

Dr. Gerard F. Judd, Ph.D., Professor Emeritus, Chemistry, stated that 30%
of American youths ages 8-10 have no cavities, and 100% of Ugandan youths
ages 6-10 have no cavities. Ugandan youths have 3 times better teeth
because they do not consume processed acidic foods, have no fluoride in
their drinking water, have regular meals rather than sipping acidic drinks
all day, such as soda pops, have more calcium and phosphate in their
diet, and have fewer dentists to cause more damage to teeth. However,
dietary causes are only part of the picture. Industrial chemicals cause
most decay.

What are other acidic compounds that damage teeth, causing tooth
decay? Tooth cavities are caused by abrasive unnatural acids and gum
secretions composed of heavy metals and combinations of industrially
produced byproducts and toxins. We absorb industrially produced
byproducts and toxins, including heavy metals from our air, water,
food and medication. Many of those toxins are absorbed from medication,
food additives and preservatives, pesticides, herbicides, industrially
produced fertilizers in food, and cleaning compounds. Cooking causes
free-radicals. Cooking destroys the natural bonds of bio-active organic
vitamins, enzymes, minerals and other nutrients that help to grow plant
and animal tissues. The destruction of those bonds releases the metallic
minerals as free-radicals. Free-radicals often cause severe cellular
destruction, mutation, and cellular death.

Our teeth are very affected because of their proximity to our
brains. Our brains and nervous systems use large amounts of metallic
minerals to transmit and relay electricity and light for neurological
functions. Consequently, the brain and nervous system contain very large
quantities of metallic minerals. Since we live in a polluted environment
and eat cooked food, our brains and nervous systems contain very large
quantities of destructive free-radical heavy metals and chemicals that
magnetize to those metals. Our bodies try to discard (detoxify) those
compounds that are stored in the brain and head mainly through gums,
tongue and salivary secretions.

One of those toxins, fluoride, is hailed as preventing tooth decay. There
is much misinformation about fluoride. Fluoride is harmful not only to
teeth but the entire body. It has been linked with 114 ailments. The
mechanism for destruction of enzymes by fluoride has been proved by
x-ray studies showing that hydrogen bonds are broken by fluoride. Also,
fluoride is a neuro-toxin. Dr. Judd stated that if the forecast of 80%
dental improvements with the use of fluoride were true, by age 13 each
American would have only one cavity. However, dental literature stated
that Americans aged 7 average 13 cavities, 25% of Americans over 43 have
no natural teeth and the rest average 32 cavities, and 42% of Americans
over 65 have no natural teeth and all of the rest have cavities in all
remaining teeth.

Fluoride is the smallest negative particle on Earth. Fluoride particles
are so small and intensely negative, they interfere with the hydrogen
bonds that hold enzyme coils in place. Fluoride particles destroy enzyme
molecules at very low concentrations, around 1-3 parts per million. Those
enzymes are often 3,000 or more times smaller than fluoride. The
effect is ruinous, destroying at least 83 enzymes.[^1]

Our bodies are always trying to counter the damage that we do to
them. Most often, our bodies utilize great quantities of calcium and
other minerals to absorb and neutralize the abrasiveness of toxic
compounds mentioned above. When those compounds combine with calcium
and other minerals, the combination too often dries and adheres to our
teeth. That is called plaque. If the calcium and other minerals do not
completely neutralize those abrasive compounds, the plaque will damage
enamel on our teeth. Once dentine is compromised, often cavities result.

Plaque-prevention also prevents gum pockets. Gum pockets form as the
caustic chemicals in plaque that irritate and inflame gums, push the gums
away from the teeth. Tooth pastes that contain fluoride damage protein
molecules that normally adhere gums to teeth. Fluoride interferes with
the enzyme adenosine diphosphatase that normally delivers phosphate to
calcium on teeth surfaces. Drinking water with fluoride added causes
the same problems.

The medical establishment disseminates scientifically incorrect
information about dental health, stating that bacteria causes tooth
decay. Bacteria cannot damage the enamel (calcium hydroxy phosphate) and
never cause tooth decay. Bacterial decay of the enamel is impossible
because bacteria require carbon and hydrogen to live. Myriads of
animal remains show that teeth and bones are resistant to earth-bound
organisms. As I stated above, tooth decay is caused by toxins in our food,
environment, medicine, cosmetics, chemicals and bad diets. Likewise, our
increasing inability to restore severely compromised enamel (cavities)
is the result of our extremely toxic food supply, environment, medicines,
cosmetics, chemicals, and diets. If our bodies are healthy enough and we
feed them properly, our bodies will generate bacteria to consume damaged
dentine and sub-dentine cells. Bacteria act as janitors and consume the
damaged tooth cells so that our bodies can replace them with healthy
dental cells. Remedies for preventing and reversing tooth decay and gum
pockets are stated at the end of this article.

We would not have cavities if we ate properly and rinsed toxic acids
from our teeth regularly. Even rinsing the mouth with a little milk or
other liquid after eating could help. Toothpastes all contain glycerin
that coats teeth with a sticky film that takes approximately 25 washes to
remove it. That film prevents teeth from re-enamelizing. Consuming food
high in calcium and phosphate, such as milk, increases the probability
of re-enamelization of teeth, but only when they are clean.

We cannot stop the flow of caustic toxins that are detoxified from our
brains through our mouths but we can prevent caustic plaque from adhering
to and damaging our teeth. We should regularly brush and rinse abrasive
compounds that adhere to our teeth as plaque. Often, it takes about 72
hours only for those compounds to harm our dental cells. Brushing our
teeth thoroughly at least once ever 3 days prevents caustically acidic
plaque that causes cavities. Where toothbrushes do not reach deep in
our gum pockets, we should rinse with a dental water-pick, removing the
minerals and toxic compounds from gum pockets where minerals begin to
dry and adhere to our teeth, becoming plaque.

A water-pick mixture of 1 tablespoon each of raw apple cider vinegar,
lemon and coconut cream strained through a thoroughly rinsed, clean and
damp white t-shirt stirred into a naturally sparkling mineral water,
such as Gerolsteiner and San Pelligrino, and jettisoned on to teeth
and under our gums helps remove fresh plaque. Plaque usually becomes
difficult to remove after 3-7 days. Therefore, it would be wise to
water-pick with that mixture once every 3-7 days. Experiment and see how
long plaque takes to dry solidly and adhere to your teeth to the point
where brushing followed by water-picking does not remove the plaque.

Strengthening our teeth and gums is easily done by consuming 1-1.5
tablespoons of no-salt-added raw cheese with 1 teaspoon unheated honey
twice daily. That combination should be mixed together in the mouth. That
mixture should be eaten at least 15 minutes from other foods. It is
more effective after a meat meal but it is effective whenever we eat
it. Eating 2 tablespoons of pineapple with 2 tablespoons no-salt-added
cheeses twice weekly helps knit the gums back to the teeth.

===

[^1]: Gerard F Judd, Ph.D. Chemistry, Good Teeth, Birth to Death.
