?
title=Top Aussie Doctor Says Pick Your Nose And Eat it

# Top Aussie Doctor Says Pick Your Nose And Eat it

Australian doctor Professor Friedrich Bischinger said that people who
pick their noses with their fingers were healthier, happier and probably
better in tune with their bodies. I would have to agree simply because
we will breathe better and get more oxygen.

Dr. Bishinger says that our fingers are much better able to reach the
nooks and crannies of our nostrils than with handkerchiefs, keeping our
noses much cleaner.

However, his advice goes further, "…eating the dry remains of what
you pull out is a great way of strengthening the body's immune system.

"Medically it makes great sense and is a perfectly natural thing to do. In
terms of the immune system the nose is a filter in which a great deal of
bacteria are collected, and when this mixture arrives in the intestines
it works just like a medicine. Modern medicine is constantly trying to do
the same thing through far more complicated methods [such as vaccines],
people who pick their nose and eat it get a natural boost to their immune
system for free."

However, consider that most of the pollution that the body discards
into the nostrils contain the most contaminated free-radicals from the
brain. The body already experienced an arduous process of neutraliz-
ing those toxins and encapsulating them into mucus. Probably, it would
be far better to flick the bugger from your finger or wipe it into
a handkerchief.

Understanding the reason why children eat their nose-pickings will allow
us to remedy and stop them from re-poisoning themselves. Like nail-biting,
mucus-eating is usually caused by a mineral or protein deficiency. If
the child were to eat 1 tablespoon raw no-salt-added cheese with 1-11/2
teaspoons unheated honey, mixed together in the mouth twice daily, s/he
could remedy such deficiencies and bugger-eating.
