?
title=Exercise; The Good, Bad and Beautiful

# Exercise; The Good, Bad and Beautiful

Many people think that because I do not exercise, I am against
exercise. Contrarily, I am an avid advocate of activity and exercise. I
do not exercise because my body does not produce the many hormones
that require me to be active. Most people produce hormones that must
be utilized by activity, including exercise. Usually, I can gage an
individual's activity level by the number of activity rings in her/his
irises. The more activity rings that a person has, the more active,
including exercise, s/he must be. Usually, 1 activity ring equals one
hour of activity or 1/2 hour of exercise daily. Amongst iridologists,
those activity rings are commonly called "stress rings". Usually, I call
them "worry circles". I call them worry circles to remind people that if
they are not active enough, they will utilize those hormones in anxiety,
worrying about anything or everything. There are two doors from which
to choose: Activity or Anxiety. Which do you choose?

## Good

People who utilize their activity hormones in activity, with or without
regimented exercise, will be calm and happy if they are on an optimal
diet and can digest and absorb proteins properly.

## Bad

People who produce activity hormones and do not utilize them in activity,
whether regimented exercise or busy everyday activity, often are never
satisfied for more than moments, are easily irritated or impatient,
and usually cannot make relationships balanced enough to be happy,
especially intimate relationships. People like that produce more conflict
in their lives, take more short cuts that compromise ideals and are
likely to cause more pollution in their lives. Contrarily, excessive
exercise can utilize hormones that were intended for other pleasurable
activities such as sex, and leave a person impotent. Excessive exercise
can make a person too thin. Very thin individuals are likely to store
their toxins intra-cellularly because they have no extra tissue/muscle
fat in which to store toxins. That can mutate DNA and RNA, dry the
vascular and lymphatic systems, and gradually create many diseases,
more often strokes or heart attacks.

## Beautiful

This is entirely aesthetics and has nothing to do with good or
bad. Excessive exercise causes very large or very thin bodies that are
appealing to some and ugly to others.
