?
title=What Is Constipation And How Do We Resolve It?

# What Is Constipation And How Do We Resolve It?

Constipation is the inability to defecate. That is caused by several
differing circumstances in cases where no tumors or other tissue
obstructions exist:

- The body digests and absorbs all of the food consumed and discards
no waste.
- Feces dries in the bowel and peristalsis is unable to move feces
through the sigmoid colon and rectum.

In the first case, constipation is the wrong term but that is what it
is called. It usually occurs in people whose bodies are starved for
nutrients. I have known several people who had one or two small bowel
movements weekly for the first 2-3 months on my PD. I experienced rare
bowel movements for weeks after fasting (in those days that I misguidedly
thought that fasting was beneficial). In the second circumstance, where
fecal matter dries in the colon, it is caused by several circumstances:

- Eating cooked food where everything has been fractionated into none
bio-active couplings.
- A fat deficiency from not eating enough fat.
- Eating concentrated mineral foods without enough fat, such as drinking
milk that lacks enough cream or eating cheese alone.
- Lacking proper levels of E.coli.

E.coli deficiency is the most common cause of chronic constipation on my
PD. E.coli require an acidic environment to thrive and propagate. E.coli
deficiency has many causes:

1. Long-term vegetarianism or fruitarianism where the diet is too alkaline
(too many fruits and vegetables) and not enough animal products (e.coli
in the human body feed best on animal proteins).

2. Toxicity in the bowel that poisons E.coli colonies (medications,
pesticides, preservatives, additives and most chemicals, including
chemicals formed by cooking).

When 1 & 2 above were combined, such as long-term vegetarians who ate
lots of soy products, especially soy chips, recovering from chronic
constipation while eating my PD can take 10-20 years. Often E.coli have
been severely mutated and the bowel is constantly poisoned by the body
dumping its detoxified stored toxins into the bowel.

I offer several short-term remedies in my book We Want To Live that are
for emergencies only. To help build strong colonies of e.coli, I suggest
eating high meat as described in my book The Recipe For Living Without
Disease. However, if the colon is constantly subjected to detoxified
stored or fresh toxins, E.coli colonies will constantly diminish. In
such cases, I suggest that sufferers make a mixture of 3-4 tablespoons
unsalted raw butter, 2 tablespoons of raw cream, 2 tablespoons coconut
cream (if coconut cream is not available, substitute another 1 tablespoons
raw cream), and 1/4 teaspoon unheated honey. Immediately prior to sleep,
place ingredients in a 4-ounces jelly jar, close lid tightly, immerse in
bowl of hot water (no hotter than your hand can tolerate for 4 seconds)
and let stand for 5-10 minutes. When mixture is tepid, use an enema bulb
syringe to inject it into your rectum while kneeling on all fours. Hold
it inside and sleep, do not evacuate it. The H2O from the creams will
keep the sigmoid colon moist while the fats coat the feces, preventing
it from drying. Any excess fat will move up the colon and protect and
partially nourish E.coli colonies. That routine can be utilized every
1-5 days as necessary for sufferers of chronic constipation.
