?
title=Home-grown Vegetables Blamed For Disease

# Home-grown Vegetables Blamed For Disease

The ongoing propaganda that microbes cause disease continues without
scientific proof. The worst part of it is that people believe the
microbe/disease myth the same as people believed the clergy that
spirits and ghosts caused bad behavior and disease in people during
the Inquisition. The all-encompassing beliefs were formed from FEAR,
from imaginative stories of gross possession and, in the case of
microbes, contamination. Fear makes most people irrational, illogical,
non-pragmatic, ridiculous and even stupid. Yes, stupid is a harsh judgment
but is it wrong judgment?

Consider that as clergy believed spirits possessed and caused diseases
in human beings, medical professionals embrace the myth that microbes
possess and disease beings. There has been no empirical laboratory test
proving that notion. The tests they point to as proof have been done in
artificial environments where bacteria mutate and behave differently.

In January 2009, I was a guest on The Doctors TV show. Host Dr. Stork
blurted to the audience that they should definitely not eat any raw meat
because bacteria could make them deathly ill. His medical advice at end
of the show, titled something like The 10 Most Unusual Health Methods,
was don't eat raw meat because it will cause disease. At no time in
the entire 5 minutes of my segment on Raw Meat Diet, were any of the
4 doctors rational. They spoke from fear, not personal knowledge or
empirical science.

After Dr. Stork made the statement the first time, I asked him how many
people he observed who ate raw meat. He did not answer and continued his
adamancy against eating raw meat. I stated that I had observed 25,000
people who had eaten raw meat without ill effects. He stated that he
had seen people in Emergency during his internship dying of bacterial
contamination from something they ate. However, he did not arrive at
that conclusion by logic or rationale. He was instructed by his teachers
that when microbes were and are found in bodies, those microbes usually
caused the present, past or future disease. Medicine has its pat list of
microbes. Much like clergy during the Inquisition tried to dispel goblins
under Church rule and authority, under medical authority Dr. Stork tries
to burn, cook and poison microbes and people while believing he will
eliminate disease. He believes whole-heartedly in that myth.

Notice that all microbes blamed are in nature. In fact, they are
nature. The Military Industrial Complex needs an enemy to frighten people
into spending money on and fighting expensive, polluting, crippling
and deadly wars; the medical profession, spurred by the pharmaceutical
industry, needs an enemy that people will fear so they follow orders
irrationally, illogically, ignorantly and even stupidly. Consider
that former president 5-star General Dwight Eisenhower claimed the
Military Industrial Complex was truly our biggest enemy economically and
socially. Pharma/Medicine should be viewed identically. Their touted enemy
is nature. Notice some of their terminology: Swine flu, Bird flu, Monkey
AIDS, Rat lungworm, and animal rabies. To sell poisonous flu vaccines,
they scare people into accepting and promoting that thousands of people
will be in danger of gross diseases.

Since nature is all around us, people who believe that microbes cause
disease will imagine threats are everywhere. The establishment even got
shallow President Ronald Reagan to proclaim that the sun caused skin
cancer. If sun is responsible for skin cancer, why didn't Africans and
Asians who are very dark from sunshine develop skin cancers prior to
WWII and the advent of mass vaccination? I remember a response from one
journalist at the time stating, Reagan went from prostate cancer to skin
cancer of his nose; we know where his nose has been. Although grossly
funny, the analogy is pertinent.

The latest assaults blame our food supply. In the early 1900's, they
blamed raw milk for typhoid and tuberculosis from myths created by
the pasteurized milk industry. Education and the media continue to
disseminate that myth today. In 2007, they blamed sickness and deaths
on E.coli from spinach. In January 2009, they blamed several severe
diseases on eating fresh vegetables from home gardens. They developed
the story that rats running around in your garden leave larvae that,
when you eat your vegetables (even when washed), can overcome your body
within days or weeks and cause serious illness. (I included the news
article following this article because I do not know how long it will
be available online.) Are we to believe such notions? How many creatures
in this world eat such larvae every day without washing their vegetables
and do not suffer such disease?

Consider that pharmaceutics ALL have side effects. Some people have
immediate reactions to them, others have longterm reactions and others
seem unaffected. Why do all pharmaceuticals have side effects whether
realized or not? They are made of and/or with toxic substances. Consider
that accumulation of such substances causes diseases in animals during
laboratory experiments. Are we to believe that microbes that have not
caused disease throughout millions of years suddenly make us ill and
kill us? Maybe a more rational look at the evidence will remove our
indoctrinated fears.

Since we became a society with industrial toxins in our medicines,
environments, food, water and air, is it likely that the pervasive
diseases are from industrial toxins? We have thousands of experiments
proving that industrial toxins cause disease. To name a few, coal
dust and fumes cause many respiratory problems including emphysema and
cancers. Chromium 6 causes myriads of cancers and diseases. Mercury causes
many neurological, digestive and lymphatic diseases and death. Radioactive
material and man-made radiation cause bone and blood diseases and
cancers. The long list still does not cover all of the diseases caused
by the gradual longterm accumulation of industrial toxins.

I was given the death sentence 42 years ago for stomach, blood, bone
and lymphatic cancers. I received a vagotomy and was told never to
eat anything raw or it would kill me. For 41 years I have done just
the opposite. I have eaten everything raw. I have eaten at least 1,000
raw eggs coated with poultry feces, 120 raw meats containing various
parasites, fungus and bacteria as documented on Ripley's Believe It Or Not
(aired July 17, 2001), and at least 10,000 cups of raw milk with goat,
cow and sheep feces. Instead of getting more diseases, I have reversed
my myriad of diseases, including cancers and Type 1 diabetes. There are
literally thousands of intelligent and rational people who testify to
improved health by eating and drinking "unsanitary" raw foods.

Who benefits from accusing our food of causing disease? Manufacturers
of processed food and chemicals profit from that. Consider that until
the last 2 decades, some people - including medical - have been telling
people that raw fresh vegetables and fruits will help health. A decline
of processed-food consumption resulted. With these new tales that
vegetables cause disease and death, people are brainwashed into fearing
raw fruits and vegetables and will think cooked and processed foods are
safer. Chemical industries will flourish because people will use more
chemical poisons, for instance chlorine to wash raw foods and kitchens,
and put pesticides on crops.

I witnessed entire cities of "third-world" people living in squalor and
animal waste without getting disease. It has been their lifestyle for
centuries. The people who are diseased are those who adopted medications,
especially vaccines and other industrial pollution. Most farm-raised
people live in and around animal waste and microbe-rich environments and
are much healthier than their city counterparts. Also, as I have stated
before: even though they have limited gene pools, Amish and Mennonites
do not suffer any autism because they refuse vaccines. Primitive tribes
did not know autism, Ebola or AIDS until medical evangelists gave them
vaccines.

Regardless of those facts and overwhelming evidence that industrial
toxins cause at least 90% of present diseases, medical professionals
and fearful people irrationally, illogically, ignorantly and stupidly
continue to blame nature, its animals and microbes. Vomit and diarrhea
result from accumulated toxins that the body routinely eliminates quickly
and efficiently as possible by vomit and diarrhea. Vomit and diarrhea
are not the results of microbes! Microbes are symptoms of toxic damage to
cells. Microbes are the janitors. They are part of the cure that follows
detoxification. When will we stop the microbe witch-hunts of modern times?

I implore everyone to ignore any medical advice as biased and
self-serving. I beseech everyone to disregard any medical advice about
health because they are trained exclusively about drugs and disease,
not health. Taking medical advice about health is like taking financial
advice from guys flipping hamburgers at fast-food joints. I entreat
everyone to eat microbe-rich raw foods.

Article that appeared in a Hawaiian newspaper:

===

## Disease is blamed on home-grown veggies

A second Big Island resident is in a coma with rat lungworm disease,
a rare ailment that can cause significant pain and trauma, including
paralysis and blindness. Graham McCumber, 24, of Kapoho has been in
intensive care at the Queen's Medical Center for the past few days,
according to a family member and friend.

McCumber, a construction worker who also worked on an organic farm, is
among three Big Island people recently afflicted with the disease. One
of them, 38-year-old Silka Strauch of Black Sands, was admitted to
Hilo Medical Center on Dec. 8 and has been in a coma for weeks.

Strauch's friend Zsolt Halda, 34, also of Black Sands, was being
cared for by his mother at a hotel on the Big Island, after being
released from the hospital. Halda said he and Strauch probably
contracted the disease after eating vegetables containing arvae of
a slug that carries the rat lungworm.

Like Halda and Strauch, McCumber grew his own vegetables.

"To have a 24-year-old kid dying from eating a salad is beyond my
comprehension," said McCumber's friend Dennis Letvin.

McCumber's uncle Geoff Rauch said Graham, who was noticeably sick
by Dec.

18, has sustained a lot of brain damage. "It doesn't look good,"
Rauch said.

Rauch said he has known other people who have contracted the disease,
but none as severe.

"I think everyone is taken aback by this," Rauch said.

According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,
most victims recover from the disease. But the critical condition
of McCumber and Strauch points out the potential for extreme
consequences.

The disease occurs when parasitic worms are passed from rat feces
to slugs or snails and then to people.

The worms usually die after several weeks but can cause significant
pain and damage to the nervous system and, in some instances,
paralysis, blindness and death, according to the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention.

Letvin, an organic farmer, said with economic hard times, people
turning to backyard gardening should be aware of the dangers of
growing leafy vegetables without taking precautions.

"My concern is we night be hammering nails on our children's coffins,"
he said.

Letvin said he has pulled out all of his leafy vegetables and thrown
them away because there was nothing in the world worth the suffering
from the disease.

He said he hopes government officials will work on a program to
eliminate the rats and snails that carry the rat lungworm disease.

There is no diagnostic test that definitely confirms the presence
of the disease, short of finding the parasite, and physicians rely
partially on the likelihood of exposure through a patient's food
history, according to state epidemiologist Dr. Sarah Park.

There is no medical treatment for the disease, and physicians
treat the symptoms with pain relievers for aches and steroids for
inflammation, Park said earlier this month.

Park said people cultivating home-grown vegetables need to clean
them leaf by leaf, and warned that a species of slug on the Big
Island has tiny larvae, about 1 to 2 millimeters long.

===

by Gary Kubota | 2009-01-17
