?
title=H1N1 (Swine) Flu Epidemic, Fact or Hoax?

# H1N1 (Swine) Flu Epidemic, Fact or Hoax?

The WHO's (World Health Organization – an agency of the United Nations)
swine flu epidemic prediction began several months ago. I sent an email
showing that the first predicted epidemic of swine flu in 1976 was a
hoax, that the swine flu vaccine proved to be harmful and lethal, that
the swine-flu vaccine at the time was not destroyed as it was supposed
to have been and will be reissued with added contamination of avian and
human flu waste, and replete with many other disease-causing chemicals.

Many people had difficulty understanding my explanation that viruses can
not be contagious. I will try to be clearer for those who did and do not
understand. When I studied bio- and pharmachemistry, I could not accept
the pharmaceutical theories of viruses. Empirically, it did not make any
sense because everything was done outside of living environments, mainly
in Petri dishes in laboratories. I observed that pharmacology is the
study of dying tissue rather than living tissue. Dying tissue undergoes
natural processes of phagocyte, parasitical, bacterial, fungal and viral
decomposition. Phagocytes, parasites, bacteria and fungi are living
organisms but viruses are not alive. Viruses do not have respiratory,
circulatory, or digestive systems and do not have nuclei.

Without life, they can not reproduce. If they can not reproduce, they
cannot be contagious. As I stated before, when viruses were placed in
"fertile" environment (Petri dishes with fluids that keep cells alive
but not healthy), no additional viral particles appeared. Pseudo-fertile
Petri dishes absent of cells that sat for 2 years with viruses had no
additional viral particles at the end of 2 years. Viruses cannot reproduce
or duplicate themselves; it is impossible. What we label as viruses are
mixtures of animal tissues and what I have called "solvent-fractionators"
but more accurately should be called "enzymefractionators". In other
words, what we find but do not acknowledge about flu chemistry are
non-living enzymes that fractionate cellular tissue, including RNA
and DNA.

Cells produce viruses where their tissues are so toxic that phagocytes,
parasites, bacteria and fungi cannot help cleanse, repair and regenerate
their tissues and fluids. Cells produce all viruses (enzyme-fractionators)
in an effort to cleanse themselves of their chemically poisoned cellular
tissues. Viruses could be compared to certain digestive enzymes. Enzymes
are protein structures that are not alive. Certain enzymes disassemble
cellular components to be used to either reconstruct live tissue or be
discarded as waste. Viruses are no more harmful than enzymes, unless
man-made, such as those found vaccines, including flu shots.

I will state the facts again in another way. When flu occurs, cellular
tissues are so toxic that normal forms of bio-detoxification (phagocytes,
parasites, bacteria and fungus) cannot cleanse the cells. So, cells make
virus (enzyme-fractionators) to disassemble the toxic tissue with the
intent to isolate, neutralize or ameliorate the toxins and dispel them
from the cells and body. Since we do not reproduce pork or bird cells
within our bodies, it is impossible for us to develop swine or avian flu,
or any other species' flu.

The only way humans could contain other species' flu serums outside of the
digestive tract is if they were regularly exposed to chemically toxic and
sick farm animals from industrial farms. That occurs when people inhale
skin cells from animals sloughing-off industrially toxic skin cells. If
enough of that industrially toxic dander becomes airborne and is inhaled
by a human, a human may develop enzyme fractionators (viruses/flu) to
neutralize or mollify and discharge the toxic dander. That is something
like mollifying a bomb so its explosiveness is reduced to 1/10th of its
original power. When analyzed, a variety of flu would be found, including
animal tissue with its RNA and DNA. However, it is not another species'
flu. It is human flu to decompose another species' toxic cells. The
only way humans can get another species' flu is if it is injected into
humans, period.

There is ample evidence that the Spanish flu of 1918 was caused by
vaccines, especially typhoid vaccines that were distributed throughout
much of the "civilized" world. After the war, typhoid was one of
the vaccines used to protect a panic-stricken world from the soldiers
returning from WWI battlefronts infected with "dangerous" diseases.[^1]
However, incontrovertible evidence shows that those soldiers developed
their diseases from multiple vaccines. Instead of pharma/medical calling
their vaccine-created disease "iatrogenic" disease, they named it
"Spanish" flu as a cover-up.

According to R.B. Pearson, a witness and researcher at the time, the only
people who got "Spanish" flu were people who had been vaccinated. Nine of
every 20 people who received standard medical treatments for side effects
of the vaccines, which included flu, died. Only 1 of every 9 people who
received herbal therapy for their side effects of the vaccines died.

Many people have written to me, countering my stance that viruses are not
contagious by pointing to "fact" that herpes is contagious. That herpes is
contagious is also myth created by Big Pharma to get people to medicate
themselves so they can profit. Human herpes is a human virus that most
civilized humans have. It does not exist amongst any tribe I studied or
met who do not participate in chemical farming. According to Dr. Robert
Shaw, MD, of Beverly Hills who is a specialist in venereal diseases,
85% of the civilized world has herpes even though large portions do not
engage in sex or kissing.

Again, viruses are enzyme-like fractionators made by cells inside
an animal when cells are too toxic that their bodies cannot utilize
natural microbial janitors such as phagocytes (white blood cells),
parasites, bacteria and fungus. The "civilized" population has herpes
because of all the metallic toxicity that exists in our "civilized"
life-styles and environments, especially in vaccines that contain liquid
mercury, aluminum, uranium and more. I repeat, herpes results from toxic
chemicals, especially consisting of toxic metals stored or lodged in
nerve-endings from medications, canned foods, pesticides, herbicides,
food additives, lotions, deodorants, perfumes, colognes, makeup and
industrial environmental pollution.

Herpes eruptions are our bodies trying to detoxify unnatural neural
metallic toxicity from nerves in skin. Resultantly, swelling occurs,
causing intense sores and sometimes pus. Pus is white blood cells
(phagocytes) trying to eat, contain and discard toxins.

Others have argued that viruses are contagious by citing the mass illness
and death of Hawaiian and Continental American Natives who reportedly
died of viruses from Caucasians, namely smallpox. There are many poisons
that were used to wipe out American natives that have the same symptoms as
viruses, including smallpox. Since our bodies discard most poisons through
skin, usually skin eruptions of all sorts will be experienced after
poisoning. Clandestine military mercenaries were paid by our government
and industries to poison native waters and food in Hawaii and continental
USA. Medical and religious missionaries gave them smallpox vaccines.

"Many vaccines also cause other diseases besides the ones for which
they are given. For instance, smallpox vaccine often causes syphilis,
paralysis, leprosy, and cancer. Polio shots, diphtheria toxin-antitoxin,
typhoid vaccine, as well as measles, tetanus and all other shots often
cause various other stages of disease such as post-vaccinal encephalitis
(inflammation of the brain,) paralysis, spinal meningitis, blindness,
cancer (sometimes within two years), tuberculosis (two to twenty years
after the shot), arthritis, kidney disease, heart disease (heart failure
sometimes within minutes after the shot and sometimes several hours
later). Nerve damage and many other serious conditions also follow
injections," wrote Dr. E. Mc-Bean.

I developed angina pectoris and juvenile diabetes within days after
receiving my third polio vaccine injection at 15 years young. I
experienced about 300 heart attacks from age 15 to 22. Although
excruciatingly painful and I was rendered unconscious about 50 times,
they did not kill me. When I began drinking raw milk and raw carrot juice
at age 22, my angina stopped and only returned for 2 weeks when I was
60. Because my chest area felt more relaxed after the 2-weeks episode,
I determined it to be detoxification of the polio-vaccine toxicity that
had stored in and around my heart 45 years earlier that caused the
relentless angina. My diabetes reversed after several weeks drinking
raw milk and I never again took insulin.

Governments have been utilizing chemical warfare for thousands of years
to usurp the resources of people and countries. All government personnel
who utilized such tactics used the story "killed by disease" as their
cover-up. It is an easy story for people to believe, especially the
religiously inclined who often believe that people who do not believe
as they believe have been stricken dead by disease because they are
non-believers.

Here is a so-called "fact" that is actually a myth: most news reports on
swine flu deaths regurgitate the CDC's (the Center for Disease Control
– an agency of the US Department of Health and Human Services) claim
that "36,000 people die each year from flu-related causes." It sounds
authoritative. However, from where is that number derived? Is it based
on science? The standard by which the CDC and WHO are supposed to quote
deaths are when cases are laboratory-confirmed viral strain that match
flu-strain archives.

The CDC guestimate that 36,000 people die yearly from regular flu, is not
real because none of those cases were confirmed in any laboratory. So,
according to their standards, it is technically accurate to say that
regular flu does not kill anyone. From my experience, it is
probably accurate that no one dies from flu. Flu is a detoxification
of some serious chemical contamination in the body but rarely is it
life-threatening, unless treated with pharmaceuticals.

If laboratory-strain-testing is the standard, then officially, if a death
has not been confirmed in a laboratory, it does not count as a death
from swine flu. Therefore, only laboratory confirmed deaths count. Such
testing requires laboratories with frightfully expensive equipment and
rigorous methods that compare samples taken from known database of viral
protein patterns. Only 3 cases were confirmed swine flu. Why would those
people in Mexico have been tested for swine flu? It consumes valuable
technical equipment that is extremely costly. If a doctor had ordered
that in a hospital, he would like have been fired or fined for costs. And
why did they even look for the swine flu?

Resultantly, we have an infectious-disease double standard with swine
flu that they now call H1N1. Why the double standard and why did they
change the name? Was it because they want to manufacture a swine flu
epidemic? Was it because I and others publicly explained to the masses
that the present Swine flu was the same hoax as the Swine flu hoax of
1976? Is it to make enormous profits for select groups of people who
will prosper by sickness and diseases created by global vaccinations,
and treatment for all those who experience side effects? That equates
to trillions of dollars for Big Pharma, investors, medical industry and
politicians who are in their pockets. There are only three plausible
intentions to promote and make compulsory injections that contain at
least 35 known poisons that create disease: money, power and population
control and/or reduction.

No scientist in history has been able to predict a forth-coming
disease. All of a sudden the WHO predicts a pandemic of swine flu from
3 laboratory cases in Mexico. The fact is that one month prior to the
cases being discovered in Mexico, a shipment of vaccines from the USA
government was sent to Mexico City. That immediately followed Obama's
visit with Mexican government officials in Mexico City. Was that shipment
swine-flu vaccines? People in Mexico who got that flu shot had swine flu
RNA and DNA in their bodies from the vaccine, not because it mysteriously
erupted from nowhere. Like the 36,000-deaths-yearly-from-flu propaganda,
deaths from swine flu are pulled out of thin air. The forecasted H1N1
flu pandemic is a fraud, a hoax that will cost hundreds of millions of
lives if people globally take the vaccines.

If you are considering acquiescing to the flu-scare tactics, I suggest
that you consider what you would have injected into your bodies. In
addition to the viral and bacterial RNA or DNA that is part of the
vaccines, here are some of the fillers considered inert:

===

### aluminum hydroxide/phosphate

directly linked to Alzheimer's Disease

### ammonium sulfate

an inorganic chemical compound used a fertilizer and "protein purifier"; known
to cause kidney & liver damage, gastrointestinal dysfunctions

### amphotericin B

an "antifungal disinfectant" that damages the urinary tract, bowels, heart
functions

### animal tissues

pig blood, horse blood, rabbit brain, dog kidney, monkey kidney, chick embryo,
chicken egg, duck egg, and calf (bovine) serum, fetal bovine serum VERO cells,
a continuous line of monkey kidney cells, and washed sheep's red blood cells.

Those build foundation for neurological diseases

### betapropiolactone

disinfectant

### ethylene glycol

antifreeze, proven to have extreme neurotoxic side effects

### formaldehyde

used as a preservative, embalming fluid, and disinfectant, known to cause
cancer, chronic bronchitis, eye irritation and numerous other diseases

### formalin

used as a disinfectant or anti-bacterial, containing 37% formaldehyde

### gelatin

causes allergic reactions and anaphylaxis usually associated with sensitivity
to processed egg or gelatin

### gentamycin

antibiotic: destroys digestion and impairs healing

### glycerol

used as a solvent, an antifreeze, a plasticizer, and a sweetener and in the
manufacture of dynamite, cosmetics, liquid soaps, inks, and lubricants

### MF-59

oil-based and composed of squalene, Tween 80 and Span85. All oil adjuvants
injected into rats were found to be toxic, caused disease similar to multiple
sclerosis which left them crippled and dragging their paralyzed hindquarters

### human diploid cells

from aborted fetal tissue

### hydrolyzed gelatin

obtained by chemical extraction from the skin, white connective tissue and
bones of animals, such as cowhide splits, bones ossein, pork skin, and fish
skin

### monosodium glutamate

MSG; causes cancer in humans, also linked to obesity

### neomycin, neomycin sulfate

antibiotic: destroys digestion and impairs healing

### nonoxynol

toxic chemotherapy used to treat venereal diseases

### octoxinol 9

toxic chemical used in vagina to kill sperm

### phenol red indicator

a highly toxic carolic acid disinfectant dye, attributed to liver, kidney,
heart and respiratory damage

### phenoxyethanol

antifreeze, proven to have extreme neurotoxic side effects

### potassium diphosphate/monophosphate

destroys libido and motivation

### polymyxin B

antibiotic: destroys digestion, damages liver and kidneys, and impairs healing

### polysorbate 20

trademarked Tween 20; emulsifier that often prevents absorption of nutrients
causing malnutrition

### polysorbate 80

trademarked Tween 80: a preservative that can cause severe allergic reactions
including anaphylaxis

### porcine pig pancreatic hydrolysate of casein

isolated concentration of certain proteins that cause nutritional imbalances,
allergies and often excessive hunger or the opposite anorexia

### residual MRC5 proteins

chemically isolated toxic proteins from cancerous DNA

### resin

causes allergic reactions

### sodium phosphate

solvent, dangerous, even lifethreatening, toxicity may occur while using sodium
phosphate if you have kidney disease, have congestive heart failure, have an
electrolyte imbalance; or are on a sodium restricted diet

### sorbitol

sugar alcohol that dissolve intestinal villi

### Squalene

causes severe arthritis and lupus in humans at only 10-20 parts per billion

### sucrose

dissolves cellular walls and intestinal villi

### thimerosal

mercury; a neurotoxin linked to psychological neurological & immunological
problems. Nervous system damage, kidney disease, birth defects, dental
problems, mood swings, mental changes, hallucinations, memory loss, nerve
damage and inability to concentrate can occur. Symptoms also include tremors,
loss of dermal sensitivity, slurred speech and, in rare cases, even death and
paralysis. This additive alone was the catalyst for another recent Class
Action Lawsuit organized by mothers of children born with Autism & the many
related behavioral disorders associated with it. Autism is now occurring at
levels never seen before in history, 1 in 67. The average used to be 1 in
20,000.

### tri(n)butylphosphate

solvent and plasticizer

### Triton X100

a strong detergent

===

If all of those toxins are inert, why are they in vaccines?

Additionally, we have to consider the synergistic toxic effects produced
by combining those toxins. Side effects compound and more severe reactions
result from combining toxins. NO TEST has been executed and released to
the public. If you take the vaccines, you are the experiment. Good luck.

Some of the expected side effects admitted by pharmaceutical manufacturers
and listed on vaccine package inserts are: Local injection site reactions
(including pain, pain limiting limb movement, redness, swelling, warmth,
ecchymosis, induration). Symptoms: abdominal pain, arthralgia, asthenia,
blood disorders, cardiovascular, disorders, chest pain, chills, cough,
diarrhea, digestive disorders, dizziness, dyspnea, facial edema, fatigue,
febrile convulsions, fever, Guillain-Barré Syndrome (often resulting
in death), headache, hot flashes/flushes, hypersensitivity reactions
(including throat and/or mouth edema), hypersensitivity reactions
have lead to anaphylactic shock and death, immune system disorders,
loss of appetite, lymphadenopathy (local), lymphatic disorders,
malaise, metabolic disorders, myalgia, myasthenia, myelitis (including
encephalomyelitis and transverse myelitis), maculopapular rash, nausea,
nervous system disorders, neuralgia, neuropathy (including neuritis),
nutritional disorders, paraesthesia, paralysis (including Bell's Palsy),
pharyngitis, pruritus (itching), rashes (non-specific), respiratory
disorders, rhinitis, shivering, Stevens-Johnson syndrome, syncope shortly
after vaccination, thrombocytopenia (transient), urticaria, vasculitis (in
rare cases with transient renal involvement), vesiculobulbous rash, vomit.

## FLU shots simply don't work

* According to the 2006 Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, 51 separate
studies concluded the flu vaccine worked no better than a placebo in 260,000
children ranging in age from six months to 23 months.[^2]
* A study published in the October 2008 Archives of Pediatric and Adolescent
Medicine found flu vaccines in young children have made no difference in the
number of flu-related doctor and hospital visits.[^3]
* As reported in a 2004 publication of the Archives of Disease in Childhood, a
study of 800 children with asthma concluded those receiving a flu vaccine had a
significantly increased risk of asthma-related doctor and emergency room
visits.[^4]
* A more recent study released at the 2009 American Thoracic Society
International Conference showed children with asthma who received FluMist had a
3-fold increased risk for hospitalization.
* And not only are vaccines ineffective in preventing flu in your children,
they are equally useless for adults, including the elderly.[^5]
* According to the 2007 Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, studies of
over 65,000 healthy adults concluded vaccinations reduced the risk of flu by
only six percent, and reduced missed work days by less than a single day.
Vaccinations did not reduce the number of people who sought medical help or
took time off from work.
* The 2006 Cochrane Database also includes a review of 64 vaccination studies
of the elderly across nearly 100 flu seasons. The studies showed flu vaccines
were ineffective in preventing the flu in either nursing home patients or
elderly living in the community.
* A study published in the Lancet last year found that influenza vaccination
was NOT associated with a reduced risk of pneumonia in older people. This
supports a study done five years ago, published in The New England Journal of
Medicine.
* Research published in the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care
Medicine also confirms that there has been no decrease in deaths from influenza
and pneumonia, despite the fact that vaccination coverage among the elderly has
increased from 15 percent in 1980 to 65 percent now.[^6]

> We conclude that frailty selection bias and use of nonspecific endpoints such
as all-cause mortality have led cohort studies to greatly exaggerate vaccine
benefits.

Lancet Infectious Diseases; 2008; Researchers at National Institute of
Allergy and Infectious Diseases, and National Institutes of Health.

Read Leonard Horowitz's research about vaccines.

Read Dr. Sherri Tenpenny's well documented answers to these questions:

What is in the regular flu shot?

Do flu shots work? What about the new "Swine Flu" shot?

## Is mandatory vaccination possible?

In 1946, the U.S. Public Health Service was established and Executive
Order 9708 was signed, listing the communicable diseases where quarantines
could be used. Between 1946 and 2003, cholera, diphtheria, TB, typhoid,
small pox, yellow fever, and viral hemorrhagic fevers were added to the
list. In April, 2003, SARS was also added through Executive Order 13295.

In January, 2003, Project BioShield was introduced during Bush's State
of the Union Address. This created permanent and indefinite funding
authority to develop "medical countermeasures". The National Institute of
Health was authorized to speed approval of drugs and vaccines. Emergency
approval of a "fast tracked" drug and vaccine can be given without the
regular course of safety testing.

In April, 2005, Executive Order 13295 added "Influenza caused by novel or
re-emergent influenza viruses that are causing, or have the potential to
cause, a pandemic." Under this order, the president gave the secretary
of HHS (U.S. Department of Health and Human Services) the power to
quarantine, at his or her discretion.

The secretary of HHS has the power to arrange for the "apprehension and
examination of persons reasonably thought to be infected." A cough or a
fever could put a person at risk for being quarantined for an extended
period of time without recourse.

December 17, 2006, Division E: The Public readiness and Emergency
Preparedness Act was added as an addendum to Defense Appropriations Bill
HR 2863 at 11:20 on Saturday night, long after House Committee members
had signed off on the bill and gone home for the holidays. Section
(b)(1) states that the secretary of HHS can make a determination that
a "disease, health condition or threat" constitutes a public health
emergency. He or she may then recommend "the manufacture, testing,
development, administration, or use of one or more covered counter
measures…" A covered countermeasure is defined as a "pandemic product,
vaccine or drug."

Division E also provides complete liability protection for all drugs,
vaccines or biological products deemed a "covered counter measure"
and used for an outbreak of any kind. Complete liability protection has
been given to drug companies for any product used for any public health
emergency declared by the secretary of HHS. This means that pharmaceutical
companies are now protected from all accountability, unless "criminal
intent to do harm" can be proven by the injured party. They are protected
from liability even if they know the drug will be harmful.

## Can we be quarantined without evidence of H1N1 FLU?

The following draft of an "isolation order" was discovered on the
CDC's website. It is a template for state and local officials to impose
quarantines and what would effectively be martial law.

> Your illness [as determined by state and local officials] requires that you be
isolated and requires further public health investigation and monitoring.

Failure to obey will result in imprisonment without bail prior to trial
and the possibility of a two year prison term. Therefore, officials can
impose quarantine without evidence that somebody is actually infected with
a virus that is negligible at best. It may also be used to quarantine
potentially millions of people suffering from any number of illnesses
- or not suffering from any disease at the discretion of the state -
that have nothing to do with H1N1. It is basically a carte blanche for
martial law under the cover of protecting the public from a communicable
disease that is a manufactured and weaponized threat.

## What do I take if I am forced to take the vaccinations?

I say, "Don't take them." If you are quarantined because you refuse them,
that would be better than grossly diminishing your health for at least
40 years or the rest of your life from vaccine poisons. If authorities
canvas your neighborhood to force vaccinations, I suggest that people
have a survival kit, close windows to street and neighbors, stay indoors
and wait for them to leave your neighborhood. If you are in a selected
city that they are making a national public example, leave the city and
go to a remote area where few people live.

If by chance you are abducted and given vaccines, I suggest eating lots
of cheese, butter, butter/honey mixture, cilantro leaves and juice,
plenty of eggs, meats and milk, and berries with coconut cream.

===

[^1]: IRISH EXAMINER, Thursday, May 08, 2003; also see, @[THE SPANISH FLU MASSACRE](http://www.whale.to/v/spanish_flu.html);
and @[THE SPANISH INFLUENZA EPIDEMIC OF 1918 WAS CAUSED BY VACCINATIONS](http://www.whale.to/vaccine/sf1.html)
by E. McBean, M.D.

[^2]: @(https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16437500)

[^3]: @(https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18838647)

[^4]: @(https://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2009/07/28/What-are-the-Dangers-of-Mandatory-Swine-Flu-Vaccination.aspx#_edn6)

[^5]: @(https://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2012/01/03/flu-shot-increase-flu.aspx)

[^6]: @(https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18556629)
