?
title=Multiple Lacerations Healed Without Medical Help

# Multiple Lacerations Healed Without Medical Help

Sandra, of United Kingdom, was cleaning the counter near a blender that
had its blades seated, ready for blending but without a blender-bowl or
jar. The blender was accidentally turned on and the blades flew into
the air catching her wrist and forearm. She sought help at Emergency
in hospital but was told that there was nothing they could do. They
said she needed a plastic surgeon for major skin grafting. Instead of
seeking medical help further, her son called me and asked what he could
do for her.

I suggested that he clean his mum's arm wound with lime juice even though
it would sting terribly. I suggested that he apply honey (1 part) and
coconut cream (3 parts) and then cover it with a thin slice of beef,
place a piece of plastic over that to keep the meat moist (so the meat
would not dry nor contract and dry the wound but would keep it moist). I
suggested that they change the bandage every 2-3 days but only use the
lime juice to clean the wound the first 2 times.

The following photos are Sandra's progressive healing using my
suggestions. I have commented on several to clarify what should be
understood. Sadly, no photo was taken until 3 days after inflicted wound.

Also, note that Sandra is not on the raw diet but she still healed very
nicely without much scarring. She drank some raw milk shakes during the
following months. If she had been on my Primal Diet, she probably would
have healed in several weeks instead of months.

The first photo was taken 3 days after inflicted wound.

:[Show photo 1](/img/pdn15_lacerations-1.jpg)

A naturopath panicked when he saw Sandra's arm and told her that her arm
was terribly infected. He was adamant that she would lose her arm and
possibly her life if she did not get medical help with antibiotics. He
insisted that placing raw meat on the wound would cause the worst
problems, including parasites and gangrene, although he had no experience
with this treatment. I assured Sandra and her son that he was speaking
from inexperience and ignorance rather than wisdom.

The second photo was taken several days later, about one hour after soaking the
wound in clean water to remove old coconut cream and honey. Note how dry the
wound is getting. The coconut cream and honey had to be immediately applied to
prevent dry scabs forming. 2 days after, soak and remove old coconut cream
honey mixture and apply fresh.

:[Show photo 2](/img/pdn15_lacerations-2.jpg)

Next photo was taken about 10 weeks later after soaking and cleaning old
coconut cream and honey. I suggest that she continue to apply coconut cream
and honey until the wound looked completely smooth. That occurred 2 weeks
after this photo.

:[Show photo 3](/img/pdn15_lacerations-3.jpg)

Next photo was taken several months later.

:[Show photo 4](/img/pdn15_lacerations-4.jpg)

If Sandra had skin grafted, her scars would look like burns with
tightly constricted tissue. Such scarring is usually painful throughout
life. Also, there would be scarring on areas where skin would have
been grafted at either buttocks or thighs. As you can see, she has very
little scarring.
