?
title=What Are Drugs And Supplements?

# What Are Drugs And Supplements?

Drugs are industrial chemicals combined in different ways to create a
change in bodily conditions. Industrial chemicals have no relationship to
nourishment. Nourishment grows, maintains and renews the body every moment
that food passes through our digestive tracts. As food passes through,
usually in 24 hours, bacteria digest and release nutrients in the food
that gives us energy, vitality and bodily stability, that is homeostasis.

Drugs cannot create homeostasis. In fact, they create the opposite. They
create disease and suffering. If we were to try and live on medication
and supplements without food, we would quickly become ill and die. Even
eating ultra-processed foods can quickly make us sick and diseased as
proved in the documentary "Supersize Me". In the film, the subject ate
nothing but McDonalds "wholesome" food for 30 days. He gained about 30
pounds, diabetic symptoms, depression and anxiety in just 30 days.

ALL supplements are chemically derived even if they are from food
sources. In order to isolate a nutrient from food, heat and industrial
solvents must be utilized. In "natural" supplements, kerosene,
kerosene-derivatives and/or ethyl alcohol are used.  Although they are
considered natural, they are highly toxic, and to varying degrees damage
animal/human cells. Kerosene, ethyl alcohol and other industrial processes
are used to dissolve food from which substances will be extracted and
negatively alter those substances sought.

Do we think that rinsing it will eliminate the solvents or are they
etched into food molecules and sub-particles? What chemicals are
formed with the interaction of the solvents and food? Would we soak our
food in kerosene or ethyl alcohol for 30 minutes, rinse it for 30-45
seconds and eat it? That is a mild scenario of the industrial process.
Laboratories usually soak food for 6-10 hours to dissolve it and rinse
for 30-180 seconds.

Then they use various industrial processes to isolate parts of the
dissolved food that they will sell as nutrients. All nutrients are
complex. Once nutrient-complexes are separated, they no longer function as
holistic nutrients, causing accumulation of fragmented nutrient-parts and
imbalances. That does not include the kerosene or alcohol contamination
within the so-called "nutritional" supplements. Deformed fragment and
solvent toxicity accumulates, causing great imbalances on cellular levels.

In order for a company to grow and process foods to isolate and extract
so-called concentrated "nutrients", they would have to produce at least
20 supplements to gain a profit. They would have to isolate at least 20
separate "nutrients" that they can package and sell in order to profit.

If, for instance, a company produced only 1 supplement from a specific
food that they grew, one bottle or even one pill would cost about $1000
yet still not be truly natural and complete.

## Vitamin E

For example, how many units of vitamin E are in one ear of corn to make
one low-dose vitamin E capsule containing 100 I.U.? If the company and lab
are very very lucky, they might derived 50 I.U.  from one ear of corn,
that is only 1/2 capsule. The average cost to grow one ear of corn is
50 cents.

First, let's take a brief look at vitamin E. Vitamin E from food
sources is listed as "d-alpha- tocopherol" on food packaging and
supplement labels. Synthetic (laboratory-made) vitamin E is listed as
"dl-alpha-tocopherol". Some food-sourced vitamin E supplements provide
other forms that are vitamin E-related, such as gamma-tocopherol,
tocotrienols, and mixed tocopherols. They constitute the vitamin E
complex. All of those must be present to utilize vitamin E efficiently to
accomplish the many things that our bodies perform with it. Some people
take large doses because they believe or hope that doing so will keep
them healthy or lower their risk of certain diseases.

The myth is that we have to derive vitamin E from food or supplemental
sources. The truth is that our bodies create vitamin E from completely
raw natural fats through healthy natural bacterial processing during
digestion. If digestion is healthy and uncontaminated, during digestion,
our bodies' intestinal bacteria not only fractionate food molecules but
redesign them, including the production of vitamin E. Cooking, processing
and chemically treating food destroys creative bacteria in our intestines,
causing massive deficiencies such as vitamin E. Consequently, absence
of vitamin E causes oxidization and other toxic substances that result
in symptoms of aging.

Returning to vitamin E manufacturing, the wastes remaining from "natural"
supplemental processes are 99.9999% of the corn. Waste is voluminous
and very expensive as well as harmful to environments. Therefore to be
profitable a company and/or lab making the vitamin must find other uses
for all of that waste. Most food manufacturers sell waste as animal
feed that will grow inferior and diseased animals for meat, diary and
eggs. All animals have grown and been vital on their natural raw diets,
disease-free for millions of years. As Hippocrates stated, let food be
your medicine and medicine be your food. Processed chemicallized fodder
is not a natural diet to any creature.

In "natural" supplement-manufacturing what actually happens is, a
well-meaning person representing a company approaches representatives at
laboratories and asks for bids or estimates for cost of producing an "all
natural" vitamin supplement. The lab wants the work. The representative
tells the company representative that they will produce an "all natural"
supplement in which they will not add or use any thing that is not a
natural substance. Usually, no one knows that ethyl alcohol and kerosene
will be used since they are "natural" solvents.

Most supplemental companies do not grow or utilize raw food from
which they derive their "natural" supplements. To make products viable
and profitable for both parties, the lab goes to food- manufacturers
and buys their waste. Food- manufacturers sell their waste (already
chemically and industrially processed with thousands of chemicals) to
the lab. The lab dissolves the waste without adding new chemicals that
are not "natural". They use the "natural" solvents mentioned above: ethyl
alcohol, kerosene and/or kerosene derivative. They label their supplements
"All Natural". NO SUPPLEMENT IS TRULY NATURAL, ORGANIC AND BIOACTIVE.

Now, let's consider the composition of synthetic vitamin E. It is made
by combining industrial chemicals completely unrelated to food. They
are as able to create real vitamin E as laboratories are able to build
an apple from chemicals. It is impossible and ludicrous to make such
claims. It simply cannot be done.

In fact, did you know that most synthetic vitamin E is the byproduct
of film-developing chemicals?  Film-developing chemicals are extremely
toxic.  They are expensive to contain and dispose of the waste. Sometime
in the 1960's a scientist noticed that petroleum-based film-developing
fluid waste looked about 70% like vitamin E. Instead of film- developing
companies paying enormous costs of waste disposal, they diversified into
processing and selling the toxic waste as vitamin E. Ninety-five percent
of supplemental vitamin E consumed in the world is, or is very similar
to, toxic film- development waste.

## Controlling fear and panic during illness (detoxification)

Industrial toxins create all illness whether mild or severe diseases. The
first thing that should be our concern is not to panic when faced
with severe detoxification, even if deforming. Going to a medical or
"alternative" doctor will usually result in the same experience, that
is, terrorization followed by poisoning. They will terrorize you into
believing the worst-case scenario.

They are trained to scare the "living daylight out of you". Literally,
that means to scare you senseless and stupid. They will convince you
with chemistry nonsense, microbial and auto-immune myths and other horror
stories to confuse you into accepting harmful substances or "therapies"
whether they be medication or supplements.

Herein, I chose to document and share my grueling experience with you so
that if such detoxification happens to you, you do not panic and seek
harmful medical help. Since all such detoxifications are the result
of industrial toxins accumulated and stored in the body, the cause is
never bacterial, fungal, or parasitical. Taking antibiotics may stop
the detoxification of stored industrial chemicals but does not remedy
the problem.

The problem is that stored industrial toxins cause internal imbalances
and damage. Taking an antibiotic adds industrial toxins and causes more
harm. In other words, the body simply changes its priority to harnessing
and detoxifying the new industrial toxin that is the antibiotic, and
suppresses detoxification of the old accumulated and stored industrial
chemicals.

Since April 2, 2011 until September 7, 2011, my last annual detoxification
from those forced injections and anesthesia caused severe attention
deficit disorders when I attempted to write. The area in my brain
relating to writing became unresponsive and agitated when I attempted
to write complex thoughts. It took me 3-5 times longer to write
anything. Consequently, my newsletters have been tardy.

Besides the brain disorder, I suffered shoulder, arm, chest, buttocks,
leg and foot detoxification similar to those that occurred for 6 months
immediately following the forced anesthesia and injections 19 months
ago. Other symptoms I have endured since that time are:

* low skin luster with grayish and/or greenish tones especially in legs
* numbness of feet especially in soles
* thick callused soles
* deformed whitish or tarnished toenails, some as thick as 1/8 inch
* severe increased hair loss on top my head
* severe reduced ability to neutralize, dissolve and discharge industrial
toxins from my skin, causing dryness
* cellular death and scarring
* appearance of aging from many dead cells in skin
* sporadic farsightedness
* loss of much sensuality, feelings, sexuality and 5 teeth
* and every time I breath, I smell harsh chemicals even in remote forests.

Most of those symptoms are normal indications of "aging". However,
that malignant aging is simply the result of industrial contamination
gradually destroying cells.
