?
title=How Much Bacteria Are We Today?

# How Much Bacteria Are We Today?

Thirty years ago, mico-biologists believed that humans were composed
of about half bacteria. They were in total denial about the good of
all bacteria, including E.coli. However, Sara Arab, a student at the
University of Toronto, Canada discovered nearly 30 years ago that the
biological waste of E.coli dissolved human brain tumors in about 5 days.

Since her work was a threat to standard pharma/medical
cancer-protocol, her work was cursorily pursued and quietly dismissed as
ineffective. However, it was very effective. The reason it was rejected
is that the trillions of dollars profited from cancer treatments and
side-effects would disappear if they utilized Dr. Arab's bacteria methods.

Such work would also undermine medical procedures altogether. Bacteria
would be seen completely as beneficial to humans rather than a threat. All
of the nonsense about bacterial food-poisoning in raw food would prove
ridiculous. All governmental health departments would have to focus
on the real cause of incidents of food-poisoning, that is industrial
chemical contamination.

So that everyone will have a clear understanding of the nature of
bacteria regarding food, I give you the following experiment that has
been performed several times but is relatively unpublished. It is mostly
unpublished because it would undermine millions of health department
employees, big pharma and big med.

When you introduce naturally occurring strains of bacteria such as
E.coli 157:H7, salmonella, Listeria monocytogenes, Campylobacter jejuni,
Staphylococcus, and mycobacterium species into raw milk, they do not
proliferate. Not only do they not proliferate, they die in raw milk.

However, when you introduce those bacteria into pasteurized and/or
homogenized milks, those bacteria proliferate within hours. That proves
all of the reports declaring raw milk is inherently dangerous is nonsense
and unscientific. It also proves that pasteurized milk is inherently
dangerous.

Think about it. The bacteria proliferated in pasteurized milk because the
biology of milk was killed by pasteurization. The janitorial bacteria
listed above that is accused of being disease-causing (pathogenic)
is simply doing its ecological job of breaking down and recylcing the
damaged biology of pasteurized milk.

Ten years ago, a microbiologist named Bonnie Brassler revealed that we
were at least 99% bacteria and only 1% human.[^1]

Yet, she continued to believe the false rhetoric that there are naturally
occurring bad bacteria that can cause disease and even cause raw-food
poisoning.  She did not realize that there are NO naturally- occurring
bad bacteria.

Microbiologists ten years ago and today still were/are so brainwashed that
they did/do not conclude that certain bacteria that are responsible for
disassembling matter were and are good. The bacteria that disassemble
dead or contaminated matter are ecological janitors. They are not
pathogenic. They do not disassemble healthy tissue. Microbiologists need
to categorize those bacteria as janitorial rather than pathogenic.

About 2.5 years ago, a gastro-enterologist estimated that we are 150
bacterial genes to every one human gene. Digestion had become 99.5%
bacterial and only one percent human digestive juices. That is, our
digestive juices, such as hydrochloric acid and bile were about 99.5%
bacteria. Digestive juices reduce large food particles to small molecules
for intestinal parasites and bacteria to consume. He was finally able
to see that bacteria is almost everything and that without bacteria,
we would not exist.

Digestive bacteria can be considered bacteria that disassemble. They
disassemble food by consuming it.  Their waste is our food, that is, their
feces, urine and perspiration are our nutrients. Consider that kefir and
yogurt are milk thick with bacterial feces, urine and perspiration that
will nutrify the drinker quickly and efficiently with little or no work
for the drinkers digestive bacteria.

Those bacteria in the milks we call kefir and yogurt consumed the
milk similar to the way our intestinal bacteria and parasites consume
food in our intestines, saving us time and energy in digestion.
They are beneficial to good health although they are not the same
food-disassembling bacteria as in our intestines. Bacteria not of the
human body can benefit the human body, including E.coli from cow dung
as exampled in Dr. Arab's experiments.

Two weeks ago, we were updated with the fact that we are 360 bacterial
genes to one human gene. That means that as of May 2012, we are only
2/100% human and 99.997333% bacteria.[^2]

All human cells are predominantly bacteria. We are bacterial in nature and
fact. The idea that any disassembling natural bacteria can take over our
bodies is ludicrous unless we were hit by a train and mangled. The idea
that any strain of disassembling natural bacteria can take over all of
the other bacteria in our bodies and cause our bodies disease is absurd.

Is it about time we stop this bacterial nonsense and realize that all
diseases originate from industrial chemicals, including cooking food,
not biological?

As long as we control the quality of the food and lifestyles we choose,
we can prevent diseases in ourselves.

===

[^1]: @(https://www.ted.com/talks/bonnie_bassler_how_bacteria_talk)

[^2]: @(https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/bioproject/43021?report=HMP)
