?
title=How Are Nutrients Delivered To Our Cells?

# How Are Nutrients Delivered To Our Cells?

Somehow, all raw nutrients and cellular life have beneficial bonds
to each other. Those bonds make it easy for our bodies to deliver an
entire smorgasbord of nutrients to cells, including bacteria (99.6%
of our bodies' genes are bacterial), enzymes, proteins, fats, vitamins,
a little carbohydrate and a myriad of health- giving unknowns. Cellular
food is supplied in a smorgasbord of those nutrients. There are supposed
to be 92-117 nutrients in each smorgasbord.

However, when we cook anything, we cause most of the bacterial and
ionic nutrient-bonds to fractionate, even isolate. Cooking, processing
and contaminating food destroys the normal bonds made by raw nutrients,
mostly accomplished by bacteria in the digestive tract. After cooking
and/or processing, water is no longer properly bound to nutrients.
Resultantly, transporting water with nutrients to cells becomes most
difficult. Bacterial and enzymatic alterations must occur to keep cells
hydrated.

Also during cooking and/or processing, nutrients are altered and
adulterated, greatly diminishing their value to our cells, our
bodies. Nutrients are unable to remain coupled for particular cellular
activity that would translate into body energy for us.

I gave a fairly thorough list of damage in my books but did not
elucidate on free-radical reactions because I did not want readers
to get bogged in chemistry. Chemistry has been violated by industries
and their governmental and academic lapdogs to denigrate nature into
an inanimate, dissectible, lifeless Frankenstein monstrosity. It has
been and is used to convince us that science is pure and knows what it
is doing for our benefit. When in actuality, 95% of the time it is just
the opposite. Science still cannot manufacture a seed from scratch that
will grow healthfully and produce fruit.

Therefore, I suggest that you rein-in chemistry to make it important
only as a means to an explanation.  When chemistry violates life via
experiment, it becomes the means rather than explanation. Our entire
industrial foundation is built on destroying life rather than nurturing
and protecting life. Mobility and production industries force toxic
fuel use that pollutes air, creatures (including us), land and water.
Agricultural and pharmaceutical industries isolate and remix compounds
into life-altering substances that will pollute air, creatures, land
and water for centuries.

When nurturing life is the goal, protecting life is automatic and
natural. So, please consider my view of chemistry as explanatory.

In chemistry, free radicals are atoms or molecules that bear an unpaired
electron. They are extremely reactive (firing, dashing and bombarding
other particles). creating a virtual destructive chain- reaction. Those
free-radicals are capable of causing rapid chain-reactions that
destabilize other molecules, generating many more free radicals inside
our bodies.  Free radicals cause cellular damage, degeneration and death
which result in multiple accelerated toxic conditions called diseases,
such as cancer, Crohn's and 2,000 other diseases.

In biochemistry, free radicals are altered nutrients that cause radical
reactions resulting in damage inside and outside of cells and is not
limited to unpaired electron damage. Literal to the words "free radical"
are all of the toxins (32 known) that are produced from cooking. The
most notorious are acrilymides, heterocyclic amines and lipid-peroxides.
(The Recipe for Living Without Disease, pages 154-159.)

Salts in non-food form are rocks. We do not digest rock. Vegetation
digests and transforms rock into living substances by diluting and linking
the minerals into substances that structure life's growing potential.

Like free-radicals, salts of any kind also destroy nutrient bonds. When
those bonds are broken, cells are malnourished. Cells may receive only
1/5 to 1/2 the nutrients that were intended for them because of cooking,
processing and other contamination.

However, disease is the cure not the cause of the health problem. Disease
is the process of our bodies eliminating toxins (accumulated industrial
chemicals) including degenerative tissue caused by industrial chemical
reactions in our bodies, or by other injuries.  Except in injuries
incurred in mobility accidents (such as falls or collisions), the
causes of diseases are always industrial chemical contamination. Free
radicals inside our bodies are always the result of industrial chemicals
whether from earth, such as manufacturing, agriculture, food-processing
or medical contamination (especially vaccines) that contaminate air,
water, creatures and land for centuries or longer.

As I mentioned above and explained in my recipe book, cooking is an
industrial process that causes at least 32 known toxins (industrial
chemicals) to form. Three of those have proved to be cancer- causing. They
are: acrilymides, heterocyclic amines, and lipid-peroxides. The others may
very well be as disease-causing but no one has spent the time, energy and
money to prove and publish it. No one in business wants their processes
proved dangerous.

It appears that people would rather have physical conveniences than
optimal health. The price of those conveniences is their physical,
emotional and spiritual health. Maybe, our dollar bills should picture
various diseases so people are completely informed about the costs of
the items they buy.

Antioxidants, uric acid, particular bacteria and enzymes can neutralize
free-radical chain-reactions.  Foods that are concentrated in bacteria and
enzymes that help neutralize free radicals are all organic: no- salt raw
butter and cheeses, raw milk and cream, raw coconut cream, raw berries,
raw apple cider vinegar, raw coconut vinegar, raw cilantro (coriander)
juice, raw liquid whey, pineapple, and lime and lemon juices. A form of
raw fat must be consumed with any of those foods that are not already
fatty. Fats insure that free-radical toxins are contained and do not
cause more damage on their way out of our bodies.  Long hot baths will
insure that they are eliminated by perspiration through skin.

Consuming lots of lime juice without fat sometimes causes caustic
compounds to surface on skin quickly and in large amounts, sometimes
causing bumps, rashes or warts. However, it is better to rid the body
and suffer some skin alterations than to contain caustic compounds inside
the body.

@[Sport Formula](https://healthfully.ai/recipe/sport_formula) contains most of
those ingredients and is a way to facilitate careful detoxification. And/or
having the one fruit meal daily of 1/2 cup berries, 1/4 cup diced pineapple,
1 tsp. to 1 T. raw apple cider or coconut vinegar, 1.5 T. lime juice,
1 tsp. lemon juice, 2-3 T. coconut cream and 1.5 T. raw cream works well to
facilitate careful detoxification. If detoxification gets overwhelming, I
suggest that you reduce consumption of raw apple cider vinegar and lime juice
daily to 1 T. each.c

Hot baths of 35-90 minutes at 104-110 degrees F, help the body eliminate
toxins through skin readily and efficiently. Be sure to add ingredients to
municipal waters to neutralize the toxins (such as chlorine and fluoride)
so that they do not enter skin and body causing damage. (See Baths under
Health Modalities in my book We Want To Live, for suggested ingredients.).
